61
The Time Index: An Access Structure for Temporal Data.
A Temporal Relational Algebra as Basis for Temporal Relational Completeness.
Support for Temporal Data by Complex Objects.
Indexing in a Hypertext Database.
Search Key Substitution in the Encipherment of B-Trees.
Query Processing for Multi-Attribute Clustered Records.
Triggered Real-Time Databases with Consistency Constraints.
Cooperative Transaction Hierarchies: A Transaction Model to Support Design Applications.
A Formal Approach to Recovery by Compensating Transactions.
A Study of Three Alternative Workstation-Server Architectures for Object Oriented Database Systems.
Maintaining Consistency of Client-Cached Data.
The Performance and Utility of the Cactis Implementation Algorithms.
Parity Striping of Disk Arrays: Low-Cost Reliable Storage with Acceptable Throughput.
Performance Analysis of Disk Arrays under Failure.
Transaction Support in Read Optimizied and Write Optimized File Systems.
An Adaptive Hash Join Algorithm for Multiuser Environments.
Hash-Based Join Algorithms for Multiprocessor Computers.
Bucket Spreading Parallel Hash: A New, Robust, Parallel Hash Join Method for Data Skew in the Super Database Computer (SDC).
Two Epoch Algorithms for Disaster Recovery.
Adaptable Recovery Using Dynamic Quorum Assignments.
The Tree Quorum Protocol: An Efficient Approach for Managing Replicated Data.
Factoring Augmented Regular Chain Programs.
The Magic of Duplicates and Aggregates.
How to Forget the Past Without Repeating It.
Advanced Query Processing in Object Bases Using Access Support Relations.
Elimination of View and Redundant Variables in a SQL-like Database Language for Extended NF2 Structures.
Measuring the Complexity of Join Enumeration in Query Optimization.
Hybrid Transitive Closure Algorithms.
Distributed Transitive Closure Computations: The Disconnection Set Approach.
A Parallel Strategy for Transitive Closure usind Double Hash-Based Clustering.
Rule Ordering in Bottom-Up Fixpoint Evaluation of Logic Programs.
Efficient Implementation of Loops in Bottom-Up Evaluation of Logic Queries.
Right-, left- and multi-linear rule transformations that maintain context information.
ARIES/KVL: A Key-Value Locking Method for Concurrency Control of Multiaction Transactions Operating on B-Tree Indexes.
Commit_LSN: A Novel and Simple Method for Reducing Locking and Latching in Transaction Processing Systems.
The Effect of Skewed Data Access on Buffer Hits and Data Contention an a Data Sharing Environment.
Consistency of Versions in Object-Oriented Databases.
Database Application Development as an Object Modeling Activity.
ILOG: Declarative Creation and Manipulation of Object Identifiers.
Tradeoffs in Processing Complex Join Queries via Hashing in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Hybrid-Range Partitioning Strategy: A New Declustering Strategy for Multiprocessor Database Machines.
An Adaptive Data Placement Scheme for Parallel Database Computer Systems.
A Multidatabase Transaction Model for InterBase.
A Polygen Model for Heterogeneous Database Systems: The Source Tagging Perspective.
The C-based Database Programming Language Jasmine/C.
Synthesizing Database Transactions.
Deriving Production Rules for Constraint Maintainance.
Referential Integrity Revisited: An Object-Oriented Perspective.
The Buddy-Tree: An Efficient and Robust Access Method for Spatial Data Base Systems.
Query Processing for Distance Metrics.
On Indexing Line Segments.
On Restructuring Nested Relations in Partitioned Normal Form.
Non-Monotonic Knowledge Evolution in VLKDBs.
Database Updates through Abduction.
An Incremental Join Attachment for Starburst.
Distributed Linear Hashing and Parallel Projection in Main Memory Databases.
Efficient Main Memory Data Management Using the DBGraph Storage Model.
A Probabilistic Framework for Vague Queries and Imprecise Information in Databases.
Priority-Hints: An Algorithm for Priority-Based Buffer Management.
Concept Description Language for Statistical Data Modeling.
62
Semantic Modeling of Object Oriented Databases.
Integrating Implicit Answers with Object-Oriented Queries.
A Methodology for the Design and Transformation of Conceptual Schemas.
Experimental Evaluation of Real-Time Optimistic Concurrency Control Schemes.
Adaptive Load Control in Transaction Processing Systems.
A Performance Evaluation of Multi-Level Transaction Management.
Conecptual Modeling Using and Extended E-R Model (Abstract).
Semantic Queries with Pictures: The VIMSYS Model.
Optimization for Spatial Query Processing.
Efficiency of Nested Relational Document Database Systems.
A Formalism for Extended Transaction Model.
A Transactional Model for Long-Running Activities.
Safe Referential Structures in Relational Databases.
A Metadata Approach to Resolving Semantic Conflicts.
Solving Domain Mismatch and Schema Mismatch Problems with an Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
Management Of Schema Evolution In Databases.
Using Write Protected Data Structures To Improve Software Fault Tolerance in Highly Available Database Management Systems.
Adaptive Locking Strategies in a Multi-node Data Sharing Environment.
Recovery and Coherency-Control Protocols for Fast Intersystem Page Transfer and Fine-Granularity Locking in a Shared Disks Transaction Environment.
Active Database Systems (Abstract).
Algebraic Properties of Bag Data Types.
The Power of Methods With Parallel Semantics.
Dynamic Constraints and Object Migration.
Object Placement in Parallel Hypermedia Systems.
Fido: A Cache That Learns to Fetch.
Predictive Load Control for Flexible Buffer Allocation.
Implementing Set-Oriented Production Rules as an Extension to Starburst.
Effects of Database Size on Rule System Performance: Five Case Studies.
Data Management for Large Rule Systems.
Data and Knowledge Bases for Genome Mapping: What Lies Ahead? (Panel).
Distributed Database Management: Current State-of-the-Art, Unsolved Problems, New Issues (Abstract).
Real-Time Databases (Panel).
Cooperative Database Design (Panel).
Rule Management in Object Oriented Databases: A Uniform Approach.
Ode as an Active Database: Constraints and Triggers.
A Model for Active Object Oriented Databases.
Kaleidoscope Data Model for An English-like Query Language.
Extending the Search Strategy in a Query Optimizer.
Performance Analysis of a Load Balancing Hash-Join Algorithm for a Shared Memory Multiprocessor.
Cooperative Access to Data and Knowledge Baes (Abstract).
An Iterative Method for Distributed Database Design.
A Framework for Automating Physical Database Design.
Optimizing Random Retrievals from CLV format Optical Disks.
Temporal Logic & Historical Databases.
A Temporal Knowledge Representation Model OSAM*/T and Its Query Language OQL/T.
An Evaluation of Non-Equijoin Algorithms.
Database Technologies for the 90's and Beyond (Panel).
Language Constructs for Programming Active Databases.
Alert: An Architecture for Transforming a Passive DBMS into an Active DBMS.
On Maintaining Priorities in a Production Rule System.
Federated Database Systems for Managing Distributed, Heterogeneous, and Autonomous Databases.
A Functional Programming Approach to Deductive Databases.
Aggregation and Relevance in Deductive Databases.
Integrity Constraints Checking In Deductive Databases.
Handling Data Skew in Multiprocessor Database Computers Using Partition Tuning.
A Taxonomy and Performance Model of Data Skew Effects in Parallel Joins.
Optimization of Multi-Way Join Queries for Parallel Execution.
Interoperability In Multidatabases: Semantic and System Issues (Panel).
Logic Programming Environments for Large Knowledge Bases: A Practical Perspective (Abstract).
A Relationship Mechanism for a Strongly Typed Object-Oriented Database Programming Language.
Deriving Production Rules for Incremental View Maintenance.
59
CMD: A Multidimensional Declustering Method for Parallel Data Systems.
Using Segmented Right-Deep Trees for the Execution of Pipelined Hash Joins.
Practical Skew Handling in Parallel Joins.
Querying in Highly Mobile Distributed Environments.
A Temporal Evolutionary Object-Oriented Data Model and Its Query Language for Medical Image Management.
Using Flexible Transactions to Support Multi-System Telecommunication Applications.
Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Optimizing Boolean Expressions in Object-Bases.
Improved Unnesting Algorithms for Join Aggregate SQL Queries.
Parametric Query Optimization.
SVP: A Model Capturing Sets, Lists, Streams, and Parallelism.
Supporting Lists in a Data Model (A Timely Approach).
A Multi-Resolution Relational Data Model.
Resilient Logical Structures for Efficient Management of Replicated Data.
Dynamic Data Distribution (D3) in a Shared-Nothing Multiprocessor Data Store.
High Throughput Escrow Algorithms for Replicated Databases.
Multiview: A Methodology for Supporting Multiple Views in Object-Oriented Databases.
Entity Modeling in the MLS Relational Model.
An Extended Relational Database Model for Uncertain and Imprecise Information.
Spatial Databases.
Database Management in the Year 2000: Projections and Star Gazing (Panel).
A Method for Change Computation in Deductive Databases.
CORAL - Control, Relations and Logic.
Updates in a Rule-Based Language for Objects.
Georgraphic Information Systems, A Challenge for the 90's (Panel).
Proclamation-Based Model for Cooperating Transactions.
Query Optimization in a Heterogeneous DBMS.
The Principle of Commitment Ordering, or Guaranteeing Serializability in a Heterogeneous Environment of Multiple Autonomous Resource Mangers Using Atomic Commitment.
Database Tuning.
Implementing High Level Active Rules on Top of a Relational DBMS.
Composite Event Specification in Active Databases: Model & Implementation.
Production Rules in Parallel and Distributed Database Environments.
An Efficient Indexing Technique for Full Text Databases.
On B-Tree Indices for Skewed Distributions.
Random Sampling from Pseudo-Ranked B+ Trees.
Temporal Query Processing and Optimization in Multiprocessor Database Machines.
Incomplete Information in Relational Temporal Databases.
A Uniform Approach to Processing Temporal Queries.
A Performance Study of Alternative Object Faulting and Pointer Swizzling Strategies.
Performance Evaluation of an Adaptive and Robust Load Control Method for the Avoidance of Data-Contention Thrashing.
Extensible Buffer Management of Indexes.
Software Repositories.
A Conceptual Model for Dynamic Clustering in Object Databases.
Integrity Maintenance in Object-Oriented Databases.
Activity Model: A Declarative Approach for Capturing Communication Behavior in Object-Oriented Databases.
Database Technology for Reliable Systems: Issues, Impact, and Approaches (Panel).
Multiversion Query Locking.
Principles of Transaction-Based On-Line Reorganization.
Parallelism in a Main-Memory DBMS: The Performance of PRISMA/DB.
Locking and Latching in a Memory-Resident Database System.
Multidatabase Applications: Semantic and System Issues.
Knowledge Discovery in Databases: An Attribute-Oriented Approach.
An Interval Classifier for Database Mining Applications.
An Information-Retrieval Approach for Image Databases.
Experiences With an Object Manager for a Process-Centered Environment.
Global Memory Management in Client-Server Database Architectures.
Performance and Scalability of Client-Server Database Architectures.
Data Management for Real-Time Systems.
66
Managing Derived Data in the Gaea Scientific DBMS.
Algebraic Optimization of Computations over Scientific Databases.
Tioga: Providing Data Management Support for Scientific Visualization Applications.
An Object Data Model with Roles.
A Model of Methods Access Authorization in Object-oriented Databases.
Versions of Simple and Composite Objects.
Querying and Updating the File.
Declustering Objects for Visualization.
The Rufus System: Information Organization for Semi-Structured Data.
Managing Semantic Heterogeneity with Production Rules and Persistent Queues.
The Use of Information Capacity in Schema Integration and Translation.
Specifying and Enforcing Intertask Dependencies.
Integrity Constraint and Rule Maintenance in Temporal Deductive Knowledge Bases.
Coral++: Adding Object-Orientation to a Logic Database Language.
Queries Independent of Updates.
Analysis of Dynamic Load Balancing Strategies for Parallel Shared Nothing Database Systems.
Performance of Catalog Management Schemes for Running Access Modules in a Locally Distributed Database System.
Implementation and Performance Evaluation of a Parallel Transitive Closure Algorithm on PRISMA/DB.
STDL - A Portable Language for Transaction Processing.
NCR 3700 - The Next-Generation Industrial Database Computer.
Collections of Objects in SQL3.
Universality of Serial Histograms.
Viewers: A Data-World Analogue of Procedure Calls.
Towards a Formal Approach for Object Database Design.
Searching Large Lexicons for Partially Specified Terms using Compressed Inverted Files.
Managing Temporal Financial Data in an Extensible Database.
Hamming Filters: A Dynamic Signature File Organization for Parallel Stores.
Managing Memory to Meet Multiclass Workload Response Time Goals.
Adaptive Database Buffer Allocation Using Query Feedback.
Dynamic Memory Allocation for Multiple-Query Workloads.
A Cost-Effective Method for Providing Improved Data Availability During DBMS Restart Recovery After a Failure.
Exploiting A History Database for Backup.
Recovering from Main-Memory Lapses.
Data Sharing Analysis for a Database Programming Lanaguage via Abstract Interpretation.
A Domain-theoretic Approach to Integrating Functional and Logic Database Languages.
Update Logging for Persistent Programming Languages: A Comparative Performance Evaluation.
On Implementing a Language for Specifying Active Database Execution Models.
An Adaptive Algorithm for Incremental Evaluation of Production Rules in Databases.
An Active Object-Oriented Database: A Multi-Paradigm Approach to Constraint Management.
Multi-Join Optimization for Symmetric Multiprocessors.
On the Effectiveness of Optimization Search Strategies for Parallel Execution Spaces.
Applying Hash Filters to Improving the Execution of Bushy Trees.
Control of an Extensible Query Optimizer: A Planning-Based Approach.
Query Optimization in the Presence of Foreign Functions.
A Blackboard Architecture for Query Optimization in Object Bases.
A Plan-Operator Concept for Client-Based Knowledge Progressing.
Toward Practical Constraint Databases.
Combining Theory and Practice in Integrity Control: A Declarative Approach to the Specification of a Transaction Modification Subsystem.
Reading a Set of Disk Pages.
Disk Mirroring with Alternating Deferred Updates.
Memory-Adaptive External Sorting.
A New Presumed Commit Optimization for Two Phase Commit.
Local Disk Caching for Client-Server Database Systems.
Key Range Locking Strategies for Improved Concurrency.
Predictions and Challenges for Database Systems in the Year 2000.
Object-Oriented Database Systems: Promises, Reality, and Future.
DBMS Research at a Crossroads: The Vienna Update.
Object Database Morphology.
Database Research Strategies of Funding Agencies (Panel).
Mobile Computing: Fertile Research Area or Black Hole? (Panel).
The Voice of the Customer: Innovative and Useful Research Directions (Panel).
A Practical Issue Concerning Very Large Data Bases: The Need for Query Governors.
Problems/Challenges facing Industry Data Base Users.
The Need for Data Quality.
Database Requirements of Knowledge-based Production Scheduling and Control: A CIM Perspective.
70
Semantic Integration in Heterogeneous Databases Using Neural Networks.
Providing Dynamic Security Control in a Federated Database.
An Approach for Building Secure Database Federations.
Optimization Algorithms for Exploiting the Parallelism-Communication Tradeoff in Pipelined Parallelism.
Dalí: A High Performance Main Memory Storage Manager.
Some Issues in Design of Distributed Deductive Databases.
Towards Automated Performance Tuning for Complex Workloads.
Fast, Randomized Join-Order Selection - Why Use Transformations?
Query Optimization by Predicate Move-Around.
Supporting Exceptions to Schema Consistency to Ease Schema Evolution in OODBMS.
Bulk Loading into an OODB: A Performance Study.
NAOS - Efficient and Modular Reactive Capabilities in an Object-Oriented Database System.
Efficient and Effective Clustering Methods for Spatial Data Mining.
Performance of Data-Parallel Spatial Operations.
The Impact of Global Clustering on Spatial Database Systems.
Indexing Multiple Sets.
Fast Incremental Indexing for Full-Text Information Retrieval.
The hcC-tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Object Oriented Databases.
A Transaction Replication Scheme for a Replicated Database with Node Autonomy.
A Top-Down Approach for Two Level Serializability.
New Concurrency Control Algorithms for Accessing and Compacting B-Trees.
OdeFS: A File System Interface to an Object-Oriented Database.
Implementing Lazy Database Updates for an Object Database System.
Access to Objects by Path Expressions and Rules.
Towards Event-Driven Modelling for Database Design.
GraphDB: Modeling and Querying Graphs in Databases.
Qualified Answers That Reflect User Needs and Preferences.
V-Trees - A Storage Method for Long Vector Data.
On Index Selection Schemes for Nested Object Hierarchies.
RP*: A Family of Order Preserving Scalable Distributed Data Structures.
Including Group-By in Query Optimization.
The GMAP: A Versatile Tool for Physical Data Independence.
Memory-Contention Responsive Hash Joins.
Database Graph Views: A Practical Model to Manage Persistent Graphs.
Persistent Threads.
Investigation of Algebraic Query Optimisation Techniques for Database Programming Languages.
Dual-Buffering Strategies in Object Bases.
2Q: A Low Overhead High Performance Buffer Management Replacement Algorithm.
Maximizing Buffer and Disk Utilizations for News On-Demand.
An Effective Deductive Object-Oriented Database Through Language Integration.
An Algebraic Approach to Rule Analysis in Expert Database Systems.
Fast Algorithms for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Hilbert R-tree: An Improved R-tree using Fractals.
Cache Conscious Algorithms for Relational Query Processing.
Join Index Hierarchies for Supporting Efficient Navigations in Object-Oriented Databases.
Cumulative Updates.
On Spatially Partitioned Temporal Join.
Client-Server Paradise.
Reasoning About Spatial Relationships in Picture Retrieval Systems.
Content-Based Image Indexing.
A Low-Cost Storage Server for Movie on Demand Databases.
Composite Events for Active Databases: Semantics, Contexts and Detection.
From Nested-Loop to Join Queries in OODB.
Materialization: A Powerful and Ubiquitous Abstraction Pattern.
A Requirement-Based Approach to Data Modeling and Re-Engineering.
Experiments on Access to Digital Libraries: How can Images and Text be Used Together.
Data Integration in the Large: The Challenge of Reuse.
An Empirical Performance Study of the Ingres Search Accelerator for a Large Property Management Database System.
Modelling and Querying Video Data.
Data Compression Support in Databases.
An Overview of Repository Technology.
A Multidatabase System for Tracking and Retrieval of Financial Data.
Building a Laboratory Information System Around a C++-Based Object-Oriented DBMS.
Relating Distributed Objects.
Integrating a Structured-Text Retrieval System with an Object-Oriented Database System.
User Interfaces; Who Cares?
Scientific Databases - State of the Art and Future Directions.
PC Database Systems - Present and Future.
Challenges for Global Information Systems.
73
The Double Life of the Transaction Abstraction: Fundamental Principle and Evolving System Concept.
Document Management as a Database Problem.
From VLDB to VMLDB (Very MANY Large Data Bases): Dealing with Large-Scale Semantic Heterogenity.
A Performance Evaluation of OID Mapping Techniques.
OODB Bulk Loading Revisited: The Partitioned-List Approach.
Efficient Incremental Garbage Collection for Client-Server Object Database Systems.
W3QS: A Query System for the World-Wide Web.
Duplicate Removal in Information System Dissemination.
Generalizing GlOSS to Vector-Space Databases and Broker Hierarchies.
Hot Block Clustering for Disk Arrays with Dynamic Striping.
A Performance Study of Workfile Disk Management for Concurrent Mergesorts in a Multiprocessor Database System.
Declustering Databases on Heterogeneous Disk Systems.
Value-cognizant Speculative Concurrency Control.
High-Concurrency Locking in R-Trees.
Index Concurrency Control in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
A Data Transformation System for Biological Data Sources.
Schema and Database Evolution in the O2 Object Database System.
Procedures in Object-Oriented Query Languages.
Towards a Cooperative Transaction Model - The Cooperative Activity Model.
A Practical and Modular Implementation of Extended Transaction Models.
Using Formal Methods to Reason about Semantics-Based Decompositions of Transactions.
Bypassing Joins in Disjunctive Queries.
Coloring Away Communication in Parallel Query Optimization.
The Fittest Survives: An Adaptive Approach to Query Optimization.
Type Classification of Semi-Structured Documents.
L/MRP: A Buffer Management Strategy for Interactive Continuous Data Flows in a Multimedia DBMS.
Retrieval of Composite Multimedia Objects.
Estimating the Selectivity of Spatial Queries Using the `Correlation' Fractal Dimension.
Sampling-Based Estimation of the Number of Distinct Values of an Attribute.
A Cost Model for Clustered Object-Oriented Databases.
Processing Object-Oriented Queries with Invertible Late Bound Functions.
Eager Aggregation and Lazy Aggregation.
Aggregate-Query Processing in Data Warehousing Environments.
A Non-Uniform Data Fragmentation Strategy for Parallel Main-Menory Database Systems.
Managing Intra-operator Parallelism in Parallel Database Systems.
Dynamic Multi-Resource Load Balancing in Parallel Database Systems.
Mining Generalized Association Rules.
Discovery of Multiple-Level Association Rules from Large Databases.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Association Rules in Large Databases.
Improving Performance in Replicated Databases through Relaxed Coherency.
Redo Recovery after System Crashes.
The ClustRa Telecom Database: High Availability, High Throughput, and Real-Time Response.
NeuroRule: A Connectionist Approach to Data Mining.
Fast Similarity Search in the Presence of Noise, Scaling, and Translation in Time-Series Databases.
Querying Shapes of Histories.
A Scalable Architecture for Autonomous Heterogeneous Database Interactions.
OPOSSUM: Desk-Top Schema Management through Customizable Visualization.
Flexible Relations - Operational Support of Variant Relational Structures.
The hBP-tree: A Modified hB-tree Supporting Concurrency, Recovery and Node Consolidation.
Generalized Search Trees for Database Systems.
Near Neighbor Search in Large Metric Spaces.
Query Processing in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Applying Database Technology in the ADSM Mass Storage System.
Benchmarking Spatial Join Operations with Spatial Output.
Similarity based Retrieval of Pictures Using Indices on Spatial Relationships.
Scientific Journals: Extinction or Explosion? (Panel).
Databases and Workflow Management: What is it All About? (Panel).
Metrics for Accessing Heterogeneous Data: Is There Any Hope? (Panel).
Providing Database Migration Tools - A Practicioner's Approach.
Promises and Realities of Active Database Systems.
Database De-Centralization - A Practical Approach.
A Product Specification Database for Visual Prototyping.
Very Large Databases: How Large, How Different?
DB2 Query Parallelism: Staging and Implementation.
Managing a DB2 Parallel Edition Database.
DB2 Common Server: Technology, Progress, & Directions.
OS Support for VLDBs: Unix Enhancements for the Teradata Data Base.
Accessing a Relational Database through an Object-Oriented Database Interface.
Informix-Online XPS: A Dynamically Scalable RDBMS for Open Parallel Platforms.
The Oracle Warehouse.
Efficient Search of Multi-Dimensional B-Trees.
BigSur: A System For the Management of Earth Science Data.
73
The Changing Landscape of the Software Industry and its Implications for India.
Very Large Databases in a Commercial Application Environment.
Of Objects and Databases: A Decade of Turmoil.
Filter Trees for Managing Spatial Data over a Range of Size Granularities.
The X-tree : An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Data.
Analysis of n-Dimensional Quadtrees using the Hausdorff Fractal Dimension.
WATCHMAN : A Data Warehouse Intelligent Cache Manager.
Efficient Snapshot Differential Algorithms for Data Warehousing.
Incremental Maintenance of Externally Materialized Views.
Optimization of Queries with User-defined Predicates.
The Design and Implementation of a Sequence Database System.
EROC: A Toolkit for Building NEATO Query Optimizers.
A New SQL-like Operator for Mining Association Rules.
Sampling Large Databases for Association Rules.
Constructing Efficient Decision Trees by Using Optimized Numeric Association Rules.
Reordering Query Execution in Tertiary Memory Databases.
Query Processing Techniques for Multiversion Access Methods.
Coalescing in Temporal Databases.
Effective & Efficient Document Ranking without using a Large Lexicon.
PESTO : An Integrated Query/Browser for Object Databases.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search in Medical Image Databases.
Query Decomposition and View Maintenance for Query Languages for Unstructured Data.
SchemaSQL - A Language for Interoperability in Relational Multi-Database Systems.
Querying Heterogeneous Information Sources Using Source Descriptions.
Supporting State-Wide Immunisation Tracking Using Multi-Paradigm Workflow Technology.
ZOO : A Desktop Experiment Management Environment.
Applying Data Mining Techniques to a Health Insurance Information System.
Querying Multiple Features of Groups in Relational Databases.
Modeling Skewed Distribution Using Multifractals and the `80-20' Law.
Answering Queries with Aggregation Using Views.
Semantic Data Caching and Replacement.
Clustering Techniques for Minimizing External Path Length.
Disseminating Updates on Broadcast Disks.
Implementation and Analysis of a Parallel Collection Query Language.
Calibrating the Query Optimizer Cost Model of IRO-DB, an Object-Oriented Federated Database System.
Cost-based Selection of Path Expression Processing Algorithms in Object-Oriented Databases.
Obtaining Complete Answers from Incomplete Databases.
Object Fusion in Mediator Systems.
The Role of Integrity Constraints in Database Interoperation.
Dynamic Load Balancing in Hierarchical Parallel Database Systems.
Estimation of Query-Result Distribution and its Application in Parallel-Join Load Balancing.
Intra-Transaction Parallelism in the Mapping of an Object Model to a Relational Multi-Processor System.
Supporting Periodic Authorizations and Temporal Reasoning in Database Access Control.
Querying a Multilevel Database: A Logical Analysis.
Further Improvements on Integrity Constraint Checking for Stratifiable Deductive Databases.
On the Computation of Multidimensional Aggregates.
Storage Estimation for Multidimensional Aggregates in the Presence of Hierarchies.
Information Retrieval from an Incomplete Data Cube.
SPRINT: A Scalable Parallel Classifier for Data Mining.
Modeling Design Versions.
Integrating Triggers and Declarative Constraints in SQL Database Sytems.
Practical Issues with Commercial Use of Federated Databases.
Supporting Procedural Constructs in SQL Compilers.
Extracting Large Data Sets using DB2 Parallel Edition.
Cache Coherency in Oracle Parallel Server.
Scalablity and Availability in Oracle7 7.3.
Bellcore's ADAPT/X Harness System for Managing Information on Internet and Intranets.
DISNIC-PLAN: A NICNET Based Distributed Database for Micro-level Planning in India.
Large Databases for Remote Sensing and GIS.
DWMS: Data Warehouse Management System.
The XPS Approach to Loading and Unloading Terabyte Databases.
How System 11 SQL Server Became Fast.
Using Referential Integrity To Easily Define Consistent Subset Replicas.
The Query Optimizer in Tandem's new ServerWare SQL Product.
TPC-D: The Challenges, Issues and Results.
Tribeca: A Stream Database Manager for Network Traffic Analysis.
MineSet(tm): A System for High-End Data Mining and Visualization.
The Structured Information Manager: A Database System for SGML Documents.
Loading the Data Warehouse Across Various Parallel Architectures.
Performance of Future Database Systems: Bottlenecks and Bonananzas.
Database Management Systems and the Internet.
What is the Data Warehousing Problem? (Are Materialized Views the Answer?).
67
Innovation in Database Management: Computer Science vs. Engineering.
The Microsoft Repository.
Multidimensional Access Methods: Trees Have Grown Everywhere.
Incremental Organization for Data Recording and Warehousing.
Multiple-View Self-Maintenance in Data Warehousing Environments.
Recovering Information from Summary Data.
A Language for Manipulating Arrays.
Implementing Abstract Objects with Inheritance in Datalogneg.
The Case for Enhanced Abstract Data Types.
Integrating Reliable Memory in Databases.
Logical and Physical Versioning in Main Memory Databases.
Using Versions in Update Transactions: Application to Integrity Checking.
A Foundation for Multi-dimensional Databases.
Fast Computation of Sparse Datacubes.
Data Warehouse Configuration.
Algorithms for Materialized View Design in Data Warehousing Environment.
An Efficient Cost-Driven Index Selection Tool for Microsoft SQL Server.
Materialized Views Selection in a Multidimensional Database.
Efficient Construction of Regression Trees with Range and Region Splitting.
Parallel Algorithms for High-dimensional Similarity Joins for Data Mining Applications.
STING: A Statistical Information Grid Approach to Spatial Data Mining.
Merging Ranks from Heterogeneous Internet Sources.
To Weave the Web.
Using Probabilistic Information in Data Integration.
On-Demand Data Elevation in Hierarchical Multimedia Storage Servers.
Principles of Optimally Placing Data in Tertiary Storage Libraries.
Vertical Data Migration in Large Near-Line Document Archives Based on Markov-Chain Predictions.
Describing and Using Query Capabilities of Heterogeneous Sources.
Don't Scrap It, Wrap It! A Wrapper Architecture for Legacy Data Sources.
Optimizing Queries Across Diverse Data Sources.
Optimizing Queries with Universal Quantification in Object-Oriented and Object-Relational Databases.
Parallel Query Scheduling and Optimization with Time- and Space-Shared Resources.
The Complexity of Transformation-Based Join Enumeration.
1-Safe Algorithms for Symmetric Site Configurations.
Adaptive Data Broadcast in Hybrid Networks.
Finding Data in the Neighborhood.
A One-Pass Algorithm for Accurately Estimating Quantiles for Disk-Resident Data.
Concurrent Garbage Collection in O2.
Garbage Collection in Object Oriented Databases Using Transactional Cyclic Reference Counting.
Dynamic Memory Adjustment for External Mergesort.
Evaluation of Main Memory Join Algorithms for Joins with Set Comparison Join Predicates.
Spatial Joins Using R-trees: Breadth-First Traversal with Global Optimizations.
A Generic Approach to Bulk Loading Multidimensional Index Structures.
A Region Splitting Strategy for Physical Database Design of Multidimensional File Organizations.
M-tree: An Efficient Access Method for Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
DataGuides: Enabling Query Formulation and Optimization in Semistructured Databases.
Using Taxonomy, Discriminants, and Signatures for Navigating in Text Databases.
Towards an ODMG-Compliant Visual Object Query Language.
Fast Incremental Maintenance of Approximate Histograms.
Groupwise Processing of Relational Queries.
Selectivity Estimation Without the Attribute Value Independence Assumption.
Effective Memory Use in a Media Server.
Efficient User-Adaptable Similarity Search in Large Multimedia Databases.
Resource Scheduling in Enhanced Pay-Per-View Continuous Media Databases.
Integrating SQL Databases with Content-Specific Search Engines.
Facilitating Multimedia Database Exploration through Visual Interfaces and Perpetual Query Reformulations.
Geo/Environmental and Medical Data Management in the RasDaMan System.
GTE SuperPages: Using IR Techniques for Searching Complex Objects.
Data Manager for Evolvable Real-time Command and Control Systems.
Mining Insurance Data at Swiss Life.
The Network as a Global Database: Challenges of Interoperability, Proactivity, Interactiveness, Legacy.
Distributed Processing over Stand-alone Systems and Applications.
Critical Database Technologies for High Energy Physics.
Caprera: An Activity Framework for Transaction Processing on Wide-Area Networks.
The Oracle Universal Server Buffer.
Efficient Testing of High Performance Transaction Processing Systems.
83
Atomicity versus Anonymity: Distributed Transactions for Electronic Commerce.
Technology and the Future of Commerce and Finance (Abstract).
Determining Text Databases to Search in the Internet.
Proximity Search in Databases.
Incremental Maintenance for Materialized Views over Semistructured Data.
Performance Measurements of Tertiary Storage Devices.
Active Storage for Large-Scale Data Mining and Multimedia.
Resource Scheduling for Composite Multimedia Objects.
Hash Joins and Hash Teams in Microsoft SQL Server.
Diag-Join: An Opportunistic Join Algorithm for 1:N Relationships.
Evaluating Functional Joins Along Nested Reference Sets in Object-Relational and Object-Oriented Databases.
Using Schema Matching to Simplify Heterogeneous Data Translation.
nD-SQL: A Multi-Dimensional Language for Interoperability and OLAP.
The Heterogeneity Problem and Middleware Technology: Experiences with and Performance of Database Gateways.
Reducing the Braking Distance of an SQL Query Engine.
Querying Continuous Time Sequences.
Low-Cost Compensation-Based Query Processing.
A Quantitative Analysis and Performance Study for Similarity-Search Methods in High-Dimensional Spaces.
Improving Adaptable Similarity Query Processing by Using Approximations.
MindReader: Querying Databases Through Multiple Examples.
Design and Analysis of Parametric Query Optimization Algorithms.
Inferring Function Semantics to Optimize Queries.
TOPAZ: a Cost-Based, Rule-Driven, Multi-Phase Parallelizer.
Filtering with Approximate Predicates.
Optimal Histograms with Quality Guarantees.
Binding Propagation in Disjunctive Databases.
Computing Iceberg Queries Efficiently.
Clustering Categorical Data: An Approach Based on Dynamical Systems.
Incremental Clustering for Mining in a Data Warehousing Environment.
On Optimal Node Splitting for R-trees.
R-Tree Based Indexing of Now-Relative Bitemporal Data.
Fast High-Dimensional Data Search in Incomplete Databases.
On the Discovery of Interesting Patterns in Association Rules.
Algorithms for Mining Association Rules for Binary Segmentations of Huge Categorical Databases.
Algorithms for Mining Distance-Based Outliers in Large Datasets.
PUBLIC: A Decision Tree Classifier that Integrates Building and Pruning.
RainForest - A Framework for Fast Decision Tree Construction of Large Datasets.
WaveCluster: A Multi-Resolution Clustering Approach for Very Large Spatial Databases.
An Asynchronous Avoidance-Based Cache Consistency Algorithm for Client Caching DBMSs.
Design, Implementation, and Performance of the LHAM Log-Structured History Data Access Method.
Secure Buffering in Firm Real-Time Database Systems.
Small Materialized Aggregates: A Light Weight Index Structure for Data Warehousing.
Materialized View Selection for Multidimensional Datasets.
Expiring Data in a Warehouse.
Safely and Efficiently Updating References During On-line Reorganization.
Buffering and Read-Ahead Strategies for External Mergesort.
Bulk-Loading Techniques for Object Databases and an Application to Relational Data.
Algorithms for Querying by Spatial Structure.
A Raster Approximation For Processing of Spatial Joins.
Scalable Sweeping-Based Spatial Join.
Ratio Rules: A New Paradigm for Fast, Quantifiable Data Mining.
Scalable Techniques for Mining Causal Structures.
Mining Surprising Patterns Using Temporal Description Length.
Massive Stochastic Testing of SQL.
Selectivity Estimation in Extensible Databases - A Neural Network Approach.
The Drill Down Benchmark.
Issues in Developing Very Large Data Warehouses.
The National Medical Knowledge Bank.
Bank of America Case Study: The Information Currency Advantage.
DTL's DataSpot: Database Exploration Using Plain Language.
From Data Independence to Knowledge Independence: An on-going Story.
Experiences in Federated Databases: From IRO-DB to MIRO-Web.
Materialized Views in Oracle.
Checkpointing in Oracle.
Architecture of Oracle Parallel Server.
KODA - The Architecture And Interface of a Data Model Independent Kernel.
The ADABAS Buffer Pool Manager.
A Database System for Real-Time Event Aggregation in Telecommunication.
Heterogeneous Database Query Optimization in DB2 Universal DataJoiner.
Plan-Per-Tuple Optimization Solution - Parallel Execution of Expensive User-Defined Functions.
Is Web-site Management a Database Problem?
Information, Communication, and Money: For What Can We Charge and How Can We Meter It?
Starting (and Sometimes Ending) a Database Company.
Bridging Heterogeneity: Research and Practice of Database Middleware Technology.
The Cubetree Storage Organization.
DataBlitz: A High Performance Main-Memory Storage Manager.
DMS: A Parallel Data Mining Server.
IBM's DB2 Universal Database demonstrations at VLDB'98.
MapInfo SpatialWare: A Spatial Information Server for RDBMS.
Objectivity Industrial Exhibit.
Oracle Industrial Exhibit.
A Single Pass Computing Engine for Interactive Analysis of VLDBs.
78
Repeating History Beyond ARIES.
Online Feedback for Nested Aggregate Queries with Multi-Threading.
Generalised Hash Teams for Join and Group-by.
Explaining Differences in Multidimensional Aggregates.
Database Architecture Optimized for the New Bottleneck: Memory Access.
The Persistent Cache: Improving OID Indexing in Temporal Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Cache Conscious Indexing for Decision-Support in Main Memory.
Comparing Hierarchical Data in External Memory.
Mining Deviants in a Time Series Database.
Exploiting Versions for Handling Updates in Broadcast Disks.
Fast Algorithms for Maintaining Replica Consistency in Lazy Master Replicated Databases.
Active Views for Electronic Commerce.
An Adaptive Hybrid Server Architecture for Client Caching ODBMSs.
Dynamic Load Balancing for Parallel Association Rule Mining on Heterogenous PC Cluster Systems.
Histogram-Based Approximation of Set-Valued Query-Answers.
Semantic Compression and Pattern Extraction with Fascicles.
Issues in Network Management in the Next Millennium.
A Scalable and Highly Available Networked Database Architecture.
Networked Data Management Design Points.
In Cyber Space No One can Hear You Scream.
Finding Intensional Knowledge of Distance-Based Outliers.
SPIRIT: Sequential Pattern Mining with Regular Expression Constraints.
A Novel Index Supporting High Volume Data Warehouse Insertion.
Microsoft English Query 7.5: Automatic Extraction of Semantics from Relational Databases and OLAP Cubes.
The New Locking, Logging, and Recovery Architecture of Microsoft SQL Server 7.0.
The Value of Merge-Join and Hash-Join in SQL Server.
VOODB: A Generic Discrete-Event Random Simulation Model To Evaluate the Performances of OODBs.
DBMSs on a Modern Processor: Where Does Time Go?
Performance Measurements of Compressed Bitmap Indices.
Capturing and Querying Multiple Aspects of Semistructured Data.
Relational Databases for Querying XML Documents: Limitations and Opportunities.
Query Optimization for XML.
Context-Based Prefetch for Implementing Objects on Relations.
GHOST: Fine Granularity Buffering of Indexes.
Loading a Cache with Query Results.
Building Hierarchical Classifiers Using Class Proximity.
Distributed Hypertext Resource Discovery Through Examples.
Multi-Dimensional Substring Selectivity Estimation.
Evaluating Top-k Selection Queries.
Probabilistic Optimization of Top N Queries.
Combining Histograms and Parametric Curve Fitting for Feedback-Driven Query Result-size Estimation.
Integrating Heterogenous Overlapping Databases through Object-Oriented Transformations.
Quality-driven Integration of Heterogenous Information Systems.
Physical Data Independence, Constraints, and Optimization with Universal Plans.
On Efficiently Implementing SchemaSQL on an SQL Database System.
Unrolling Cycles to Decide Trigger Termination.
User-Defined Table Operators: Enhancing Extensibility for ORDBMS.
Optimal Grid-Clustering: Towards Breaking the Curse of Dimensionality in High-Dimensional Clustering.
Similarity Search in High Dimensions via Hashing.
What can Hierarchies do for Data Warehouses?
O-O, What Have They Done to DB2?
High Level Indexing of User-Defined Types.
Implementation of SQL3 Structured Types with Inheritance and Value Substitutability.
Generating Call-Level Interfaces for Advanced Database Application Programming.
PM3: An Orthogonal Persistent Systems Programming Language - Design, Implementation, Performance.
Cost Models DO Matter: Providing Cost Information for Diverse Data Sources in a Federated System.
Active Storage Hierarchy, Database Systems and Applications - Socratic Exegesis.
Data-Driven, One-To-One Web Site Generation for Data-Intensive Applications.
Optimization of Run-time Management of Data Intensive Web-sites.
Extracting Large-Scale Knowledge Bases from the Web.
Aggregation Algorithms for Very Large Compressed Data Warehouses.
Extending Practical Pre-Aggregation in On-Line Analytical Processing.
Hierarchical Prefix Cubes for Range-Sum Queries.
Implementation of Two Semantic Query Optimization Techniques in DB2 Universal Database.
High-Performance Extensible Indexing.
Online Dynamic Reordering for Interactive Data Processing.
What Do Those Weird XML Types Want, Anyway?
Industrial Panel on Data Warehousing Technologies: Experiences, Challenges, and Directions.
Datawarehousing Has More Colours Than Just Black & White.
Curio: A Novel Solution for Efficient Storage and Indexing in Data Warehouses.
Hyper-Programming in Java.
Building Light-Weight Wrappers for Legacy Web Data-Sources Using W4F.
XML Repository and Active Views Demonstration.
Spatio-Temporal Retrieval with RasDaMan.
Miro Web: Integrating Multiple Data Sources through Semistructured Data Types.
Aqua: A Fast Decision Support Systems Using Approximate Query Answers.
The Mirror MMDBMS Architecture.
97
Ordering Information, Conference Organizers, Program Committees, Additional Reviewers, Additional Demonstrations Reviewers, Sponsors, VLDB Endowment, Preface, Foreword.
Practical Applications of Triggers and Constraints: Success and Lingering Issues (10-Year Award).
Biodiversity Informatics: The Challenge of Rapid Development, Large Databases, and Complex Data (Keynote).
Toto, We're Not in Kansas Anymore: On Transitioning from Research to the Real (Invited Industrial Talk).
Rethinking Database System Architecture: Towards a Self-Tuning RISC-Style Database System.
PicoDMBS: Scaling Down Database Techniques for the Smartcard.
The 3W Model and Algebra for Unified Data Mining.
Design and Implementation of a Genetic-Based Algorithm for Data Mining.
Mining Frequent Itemsets Using Support Constraints.
Efficient Filtering of XML Documents for Selective Dissemination of Information.
Efficiently Publishing Relational Data as XML Documents.
Schema Mapping as Query Discovery.
Local Dimensionality Reduction: A New Approach to Indexing High Dimensional Spaces.
Dynamic Maintenance of Wavelet-Based Histograms.
Approximate Query Processing Using Wavelets.
Efficient Numerical Error Bounding for Replicated Network Services.
Don't Be Lazy, Be Consistent: Postgres-R, A New Way to Implement Database Replication.
Offering a Precision-Performance Tradeoff for Aggregation Queries over Replicated Data.
Manipulating Interpolated Data is Easier than You Thought.
Using SQL to Build New Aggregates and Extenders for Object- Relational Systems.
ICICLES: Self-Tuning Samples for Approximate Query Answering.
Caching Strategies for Data-Intensive Web Sites.
The Evolution of the Web and Implications for an Incremental Crawler.
CheeTah: a Lightweight Transaction Server for Plug-and-Play Internet Data Management.
Hypothetical Queries in an OLAP Environment.
Hierarchical Compact Cube for Range-Max Queries.
Temporal Queries in OLAP.
Integrating the UB-Tree into a Database System Kernel.
Multi-Dimensional Database Allocation for Parallel Data Warehouses.
Oracle8i Index-Organized Table and Its Application to New Domains.
FALCON: Feedback Adaptive Loop for Content-Based Retrieval.
User-Adaptive Exploration of Multidimensional Data.
Toward Learning Based Web Query Processing.
Optimizing Queries on Compressed Bitmaps.
What Happens During a Join? Dissecting CPU and Memory Optimization Effects.
Set Containment Joins: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.
Identifying Representative Trends in Massive Time Series Data Sets Using Sketches.
Decision Tables: Scalable Classification Exploring RDBMS Capabilities.
Fast Time Sequence Indexing for Arbitrary Lp Norms.
Novel Approaches in Query Processing for Moving Object Trajectories.
Managing Intervals Efficiently in Object-Relational Databases.
Optimizing Multi-Feature Queries for Image Databases.
Contrast Plots and P-Sphere Trees: Space vs. Time in Nearest Neighbour Searches.
Temporal Integrity Constraints with Indeterminacy.
The BT-tree: A Branched and Temporal Access Method.
Performance Issues in Incremental Warehouse Maintenance.
The Challenge of Process Data Warehousing.
A Scalable Algorithm for Answering Queries Using Views.
Automated Selection of Materialized Views and Indexes in SQL Databases.
What Is the Nearest Neighbor in High Dimensional Spaces?
The A-tree: An Index Structure for High-Dimensional Spaces Using Relative Approximation.
Focused Crawling Using Context Graphs.
Approximating Aggregate Queries about Web Pages via Random Walks.
Computing Geographical Scopes of Web Resources.
A Case-Based Approach to Information Integration.
Approximate Query Translation Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Design and Development of a Stream Service in a Heterogenous Client Environment.
Semantic Access: Semantic Interface for Querying Databases.
The TreeScape System: Reuse of Pre-Computed Aggregates over Irregular OLAP Hierarchies.
OLAP++: Powerful and Easy-to-Use Federations of OLAP and Object Databases.
Memex: A Browsing Assistant for Collaborative Archiving and Mining of Surf Trails.
Building and Customizing Data-Intensive Web Sites Using Weave.
Information Integration: The MOMIS Project Demonstration.
Telcordia's Database Reconciliation and Data Quality Analysis Tool.
Rainbow: Distributed Database System for Classroom Education and Experimental Research.
Agora: Living with XML and Relational.
Publish/Subscribe on the Web at Extreme Speed.
Demonstration: Enabling Scalable Online Personalization on the Web.
INSITE: A Tool for Interpreting Users? Interaction with a Web Space.
Model-Based Information Integration in a Neuroscience Mediator System.
Push Technology Personalization through Event Correlation.
XPERANTO: Middleware for Publishing Object-Relational Data as XML Documents.
Building Scalable Internet Applications with Oracle8i Server.
Social, Educational, and Governmental Change Enabled through Information Technology.
A 20/20 Vision of the VLDB-2020?
Panel: Is Generic Metadata Management Feasible?
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 1.
Panel: Future Directions of Database Research - The VLDB Broadening Strategy, Part 2.
An Ultra Highly Available DBMS.
The Zero Latency Enterprise.
High-Performance and Scalability through Application Tier,In-Memory Data Management.
Asera: Extranet Architecture for B2B Solutions.
Linking Business to Deliver Value: A Data Management Challenge.
Evolution of Groupware for Business Applications: A Database Perspective on Lotus Domino/Notes.
Process Automation as the Foundation for E-Business.
Media360 Workflow-Implementing a Workflow Engine Inside a Database.
Work and Information Practices in the Sciences of Biodiversity.
Research Directions in Biodiversity Informatics.
Biodiversity Informatics Infrastructure: An Information Commons for the Biodiversity Community.
A Database Platform for Bioinformatics.
Data Mining in the Bioinformatics Domain.
Controlling Data Warehouses with Knowledge Networks.
Integration of Data Mining with Database Technology.
E.piphany Epicenter Technology Overview.
Concurrency in the Data Warehouse.
Author Index.
106
Business Process Coordination: State of the Art, Trends, and Open Issues.
Ambient Intelligence with the Ubiquitous Network, the Embedded Computer Devices and the Hidden Databases (abstract).
Et tu, XML? The downfall of the relational empire (abstract).
The Semantic Web Paving the Way to the Knowledge Society.
LEO - DB2's LEarning Optimizer.
User-Optimizer Communication using Abstract Plans in Sybase ASE.
XXL - A Library Approach to Supporting Efficient Implementations of Advanced Database Queries.
Generic Schema Matching with Cupid.
A Formal Perspective on the View Selection Problem.
Self-similarity in the Web.
Surfing Wavelets on Streams: One-Pass Summaries for Approximate Aggregate Queries.
Analyzing Quantitative Databases: Image is Everything.
Discovery of Influence Sets in Frequently Updated Databases.
RoadRunner: Towards Automatic Data Extraction from Large Web Sites.
Visual Web Information Extraction with Lixto.
Crawling the Hidden Web.
A Database Index to Large Biological Sequences.
Storage and Querying of E-Commerce Data.
Improving Business Process Quality through Exception Understanding, Prediction, and Prevention.
Weaving Relations for Cache Performance.
Cache-Conscious Concurrency Control of Main-Memory Indexes on Shared-Memory Multiprocessor Systems.
Form-Based Proxy Caching for Database-Backed Web Sites.
FeedbackBypass: A New Approach to Interactive Similarity Query Processing.
Fast Evaluation Techniques for Complex Similarity Queries.
An Extendible Hash for Multi-Precision Similarity Querying of Image Databases.
Similarity Search for Adaptive Ellipsoid Queries Using Spatial Transformation.
Answering XML Queries on Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Query Engines for Web-Accessible XML Data.
Querying XML Views of Relational Data.
Views in a Large Scale XML Repository.
Supporting Incremental Join Queries on Ranked Inputs.
Efficient Management of Multiversion Documents by Object Referencing.
Efficient Progressive Skyline Computation.
NetCube: A Scalable Tool for Fast Data Mining and Compression.
Mining Multi-Dimensional Constrained Gradients in Data Cubes.
C2P: Clustering based on Closest Pairs.
A Fast Index for Semistructured Data.
Efficient Index Structures for String Databases.
Indexing and Querying XML Data for Regular Path Expressions.
Declarative Data Cleaning: Language, Model, and Algorithms.
Potter's Wheel: An Interactive Data Cleaning System.
Update Propagation Strategies for Improving the Quality of Data on the Web.
Walking Through a Very Large Virtual Environment in Real-time.
Analyzing energy behavior of spatial access methods for memory-resident data.
Indexing the Distance: An Efficient Method to KNN Processing.
MV3R-Tree: A Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Timestamp and Interval Queries.
Transaction Timestamping in (Temporal) Databases.
Online Scaling in a Highly Available Database.
An Evaluation of Generic Bulk Loading Techniques.
Lineage Tracing for General Data Warehouse Transformations.
A Data Warehousing Architecture for Enabling Service Provisioning Process.
Approximate String Joins in a Database (Almost) for Free.
Dynamic Pipeline Scheduling for Improving Interactive Query Performance.
Functional Properties of Information Filtering.
Dynamic Update Cube for Range-sum Queries.
Intelligent Rollups in Multidimensional OLAP Data.
Distinct Sampling for Highly-Accurate Answers to Distinct Values Queries and Event Reports.
Hyperqueries: Dynamic Distributed Query Processing on the Internet.
Comparing Hybrid Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Data Staging for On-Demand Broadcast.
Change-Centric Management of Versions in an XML Warehouse.
Estimating the Selectivity of XML Path Expressions for Internet Scale Applications.
On Processing XML in LDAP.
Collaborative Analytical Processing - Dream or Reality? (Panel abstract).
Are Web Services the Next Revolution in e-Commerce? (Panel).
Storage Service Providers: a Solution for Storage Management? (Panel).
French government activity in the conservation of data and electronic documents.
The Long-Term Preservation of Authentic Electronic Records.
Italian Electronic Identity Card - principle and architecture.
Ontology-based Support for Digital Government.
Discovering Web Services: An Overview.
Architectures for Internal Web Services Deployment.
Scientific OLAP for the Biotech Domain.
Warehousing Workflow Data: Challenges and Opportunities.
A Sequential Pattern Query Language for Supporting Instant Data Mining for e-Services.
Aggregate Maintenance for Data Warehousing in Informix Red Brick Vista.
Navigating large-scale semi-structured data in business portals.
A Comparative Study of Alternative Middle Tier Caching Solutions to Support Dynamic Web Content Acceleration.
The Propel Distributed Services Platform.
Tavant System Architecture for Sell-side Channel Management.
Operating System Extensions for the Teradata Parallel VLDB.
Cache Fusion: Extending Shared-Disk Clusters with Shared Caches.
DB2 Spatial Extender - Spatial data within the RDBMS.
A Prototype Content-Based Retrieval System that Uses Virtual Images to Save Space.
ACTIVIEW: Adaptive data presentation using SuperSQL.
AgFlow: Agent-based Cross-Enterprise Workflow Management System.
Cache Portal: Technology for Accelerating Database-driven e-commerce Web Sites.
Developing an Indexing Scheme for XML Document Collection using the Oracle8i Extensibility Framework.
Enabling End-users to Construct Data-intensive Web-sites from XML Repositories: An Example-based Approach.
Flexible and scalable digital library search.
LoPiX: A System for XML Data Integration and Manipulation.
PicoDBMS: Validation and Experience.
SIT-IN: a Real-Life Spatio-Temporal Information System.
SMOOTH - A Distributed Multimedia Database System.
Supervised Wrapper Generation with Lixto.
The WorlInfo Assistant: Spatio-Temporal Information Integration on the Web.
VXMLR: A Visual XML-Relational Database System.
WARLOCK: A Data Allocation Tool for Parallel Warehouses.
WebFilter: A High-throughput XML-based Publish and Subscribe System.
Storage and Retrieval of XML Data Using Relational Databases.
Data Management for Pervasive Computing.
Caching Technologies for Web Applications.
Approximate Query Processing: Taming the TeraBytes.
Information Management for Genome Level Bioinformatics.
Managing Business Processes via Workflow Technology.
118
Data Routing Rather than Databases: The Meaning of the Next Wave of the Web Revolution to Data Management.
Foundation Matters.
Wireless Graffiti - Data, Data Everywhere Matters.
Self-tuning Database Technology and Information Services: from Wishful Thinking to Viable Engineering.
REFEREE: An Open Framework for Practical Testing of Recommender Systems using ResearchIndex.
Adaptable Similarity Search using Non-Relevant Information.
Sideway Value Algebra for Object-Relational Databases.
Database Selection Using Actual Physical and Acquired Logical Collection Resources in a Massive Domain-specific Operational Environment.
Structural Function Inlining Technique for Structurally Recursive XML Queries.
Efficient Algorithms for Processing XPath Queries.
Incorporating XSL Processing into Database Engines.
Optimizing View Queries in ROLEX to Support Navigable Result Trees.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Confidential Data on Untrusted Servers.
Hippocratic Databases.
Watermarking Relational Databases.
Parametric Query Optimization for Linear and Piecewise Linear Cost Functions.
Plan Selection Based on Query Clustering.
Generic Database Cost Models for Hierarchical Memory Systems.
Streaming Queries over Streaming Data.
Monitoring Streams - A New Class of Data Management Applications.
A Transducer-Based XML Query Processor.
Updates for Structure Indexes.
RE-Tree: An Efficient Index Structure for Regular Expressions.
Efficient Structural Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Shooting Stars in the Sky: An Online Algorithm for Skyline Queries.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Search.
Progressive Merge Join: A Generic and Non-blocking Sort-based Join Algorithm.
Foundations of Preferences in Database Systems.
Multi-Dimensional Regression Analysis of Time-Series Data Streams.
Comparing Data Streams Using Hamming Norms (How to Zero In).
Approximate Frequency Counts over Data Streams.
StatStream: Statistical Monitoring of Thousands of Data Streams in Real Time.
Optimizing Result Prefetching in Web Search Engines with Segmented Indices.
I/O-Conscious Data Preparation for Large-Scale Web Search Engines.
Distributed Search over the Hidden Web: Hierarchical Database Sampling and Selection.
Exact Indexing of Dynamic Time Warping.
Adaptive Index Structures.
A Case for Fractured Mirrors.
XPathLearner: An On-line Self-Tuning Markov Histogram for XML Path Selectivity Estimation.
How to Summarize the Universe: Dynamic Maintenance of Quantiles.
Structure and Value Synopses for XML Data Graphs.
Compressed Accessibility Map: Efficient Access Control for XML.
Optimizing the Secure Evaluation of Twig Queries.
Provisions and Obligations in Policy Management and Security Applications.
Effective Change Detection Using Sampling.
Maintaining Coherency of Dynamic Data in Cooperating Repositories.
A Bandwidth Model for Internet Search.
Using Latency-Recency Profiles for Data Delivery on the Web.
View Invalidation for Dynamic Content Caching in Multitiered Architectures.
Improving Data Access of J2EE Applications by Exploiting Asynchronous Messaging and Caching Services.
Eliminating Fuzzy Duplicates in Data Warehouses.
Translating Web Data.
COMA - A System for Flexible Combination of Schema Matching Approaches.
Efficient Exploration of Large Scientific Databases.
Searching on the Secondary Structure of Protein Sequences.
ProTDB: Probabilistic Data in XML.
Fast and Accurate Text Classification via Multiple Linear Discriminant Projections.
DISCOVER: Keyword Search in Relational Databases.
Maintaining Data Privacy in Association Rule Mining.
A Logical Framework for Scheduling Workflows under Resource Allocation Constraints.
An Almost-Serial Protocol for Transaction Execution in Main-Memory Database Systems.
Lightweight Flexible Isolation for Language-based Extensible Systems.
Processing Star Queries on Hierarchically-Clustered Fact Tables.
Exploiting Versions for On-line Data Warehouse Maintenance in MOLAP Servers.
FAS - A Freshness-Sensitive Coordination Middleware for a Cluster of OLAP Components.
The Generalized MDL Approach for Summarization.
Quotient Cube: How to Summarize the Semantics of a Data Cube.
A One-Pass Aggregation Algorithm with the Optimal Buffer Size in Multidimensional OLAP.
Incremental Maintenance for Non-Distributive Aggregate Functions.
Reverse Nearest Neighbor Aggregates Over Data Streams.
Tree Pattern Aggregation for Scalable XML Data Dissemination.
DTD-Directed Publishing with Attribute Translation Grammars.
A Multi-version Cache Replacement and Prefetching Policy for Hybrid Data Delivery Environments.
Toward Recovery-Oriented Computing.
SMART: Making DB2 (More) Autonomic.
Business Process Cockpit.
GnatDb: A Small-Footprint, Secure Database System.
Experience Report: Exploiting Advanced Database Optimization Features for Large-Scale SAP R/3 Installations.
Information Integration and XML in IBM's DB2.
A New Passenger Support System for Public Transport using Mobile Database Access.
OBK - An Online High Energy Physics' Meta-Data Repository.
The gRNA: A Highly Programmable Infrastructure for Prototyping, Developing and Deploying Genomics-Centric Applications.
An Efficient Method for Performing Record Deletions and Updates Using Index Scans.
Joining Ranked Inputs in Practice.
SQL Memory Management in Oracle9i.
XMark: A Benchmark for XML Data Management.
The Denodo Data Integration Platform.
Preference SQL - Design, Implementation, Experiences.
The Rubicon of Smart Data.
Information Management Challenges from the Aerospace Industry.
Experiments on Query Expansion for Internet Yellow Page Services Using Web Log Mining.
Issues and Evaluations of Caching Solutions for Web Application Acceleration.
An Automated System for Web Portal Personalization.
EOS: Exactly-Once E-Service Middleware.
ServiceGlobe: Distributing E-Services Across the Internet.
SELF-SERV: A Platform for Rapid Composition of Web Services in a Peer-to-Peer Environment.
Database Technologies for Electronic Commerce.
Advanced Database Technologies in a Diabetic Healthcare System.
RTMonitor: Real-Time Data Monitoring Using Mobile Agent Technologies.
Viator - A Tool Family for Graphical Networking and Data View Creation.
Profiling and Internet Connectivity in Automotive Environments.
GeMBASE: A Geometric Mediator for Brain Analysis with Surface Ensembles.
Extending an ORDBMS: The StateMachine Module.
BANKS: Browsing and Keyword Searching in Relational Databases.
Active XML: Peer-to-Peer Data and Web Services Integration.
LegoDB: Customizing Relational Storage for XML Documents.
enTrans: A System for Flexible Consistency Maintenance in Directory Applications.
Champagne: Data Change Propagation for Heterogeneous Information Systems.
ALIAS: An Active Learning led Interactive Deduplication System.
A-TOPSS - A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Approximate Matching.
Automation in Information Extraction and Data Integration.
Database Tuning: Principles, Experiments, and Troubleshooting Techniques.
Searching and Mining Fine-Grained Semi-Structured Data.
Application Servers and Associated Technologies.
Querying and Mining Data Streams: You Only Get One Look.
eBusiness Standards and Architectures.
Sensor Data Mining: Similarity Search and Pattern Analysis.
124
A Nanotechnology-based Approach to Data Storage.
Integrating Information for On Demand Computing.
The Data-Centric Revolution in Networking.
The History of Histograms (abridged).
Complex Queries over Web Repositories.
XSEarch: A Semantic Search Engine for XML.
An Efficient and Resilient Approach to Filtering and Disseminating Streaming Data.
Efficient Mining of XML Query Patterns for Caching.
A Framework for Clustering Evolving Data Streams.
A Regression-Based Temporal Pattern Mining Scheme for Data Streams.
On the Costs of Multilingualism in Database Systems.
Distributed Top-N Query Processing with Possibly Uncooperative Local Systems.
Optimized Query Execution in Large Search Engines with Global Page Ordering.
Path Queries on Compressed XML.
On the minimization of Xpath queries.
Covering Indexes for XML Queries: Bisimulation - Simulation = Negation.
Phrase Matching in XML.
RRXF: Redundancy reducing XML storage in relations.
MARS: A System for Publishing XML from Mixed and Redundant Storage.
Projecting XML Documents.
Mixed Mode XML Query Processing.
From Tree Patterns to Generalized Tree Patterns: On Efficient Evaluation of XQuery.
Efficient Processing of Expressive Node-Selecting Queries on XML Data in Secondary Storage: A Tree Automata-based Approach.
Query Processing for High-Volume XML Message Brokering.
Holistic Twig Joins on Indexed XML Documents.
Maximizing the Output Rate of Multi-Way Join Queries over Streaming Information Sources.
Scheduling for shared window joins over data streams.
Load Shedding in a Data Stream Manager.
Querying the Internet with PIER.
Tuple Routing Strategies for Distributed Eddies.
AQuery: Query Language for Ordered Data, Optimization Techniques, and Experiments.
WISE-Integrator: An Automatic Integrator of Web Search Interfaces for E-Commerce.
SASH: A Self-Adaptive Histogram Set for Dynamically Changing Workloads.
VIPAS: Virtual Link Powered Authority Search in the Web.
Balancing Performance and Data Freshness in Web Database Servers.
Buffering Accesses to Memory-Resident Index Structures.
Data Morphing: An Adaptive, Cache-Conscious Storage Technique.
COMBI-Operator: Database Support for Data Mining Applications.
A Shrinking-Based Approach for Multi-Dimensional Data Analysis.
Data Bubbles for Non-Vector Data: Speeding-up Hierarchical Clustering in Arbitrary Metric Spaces.
Finding Hierarchical Heavy Hitters in Data Streams.
Star-Cubing: Computing Iceberg Cubes by Top-Down and Bottom-Up Integration.
Coarse-Grained Optimization: Techniques for Rewriting SQL Statement Sequences.
Processing Sliding Window Multi-Joins in Continuous Queries over Data Streams.
Continuous K-Nearest Neighbor Queries for Continuously Moving Points with Updates.
Staircase Join: Teach a Relational DBMS to Watch its (Axis) Steps.
Checks and Balances: Monitoring Data Quality Problems in Network Traffic Databases.
Systematic Development of Data Mining-Based Data Quality Tools.
Adaptive, Hands-Off Stream Mining.
Composing Mappings Among Data Sources.
Mapping Adaptation under Evolving Schemas.
Locking Protocols for Materialized Aggregate Join Views.
Supporting Frequent Updates in R-Trees: A Bottom-Up Approach.
The ND-Tree: A Dynamic Indexing Technique for Multidimensional Non-ordered Discrete Data Spaces.
Temporal Slicing in the Evaluation of XML Queries.
The Generalized Pre-Grouping Transformation: Aggregate-Query Optimization in the Presence of Dependencies.
Estimating the Output Cardinality of Partial Preaggregation with a Measure of Clusteredness.
BHUNT: Automatic Discovery of Fuzzy Algebraic Constraints in Relational Data.
Tabular Placement of Relational Data on MEMS-based Storage Devices.
Memory Requirements for Query Execution in Highly Constrained Devices.
Lachesis: Robust Database Storage Management Based on Device-specific Performance Characteristics.
Cache Tables: Paving the Way for an Adaptive Database Cache.
Primitives for Workload Summarization and Implications for SQL.
A Dependability Benchmark for OLTP Application Environments.
Supporting Top-k Join Queries in Relational Databases.
AniPQO: Almost Non-intrusive Parametric Query Optimization for Nonlinear Cost Functions.
Efficient Approximation Of Optimization Queries Under Parametric Aggregation Constraints.
The TPR*-Tree: An Optimized Spatio-Temporal Access Method for Predictive Queries.
Query Processing in Spatial Network Databases.
Multiscale Histograms: Summarizing Topological Relations in Large Spatial Datasets.
Avoiding Ordering and Grouping In Query Processing.
Operator Scheduling in a Data Stream Manager.
Efficient IR-Style Keyword Search over Relational Databases.
Merging Models Based on Given Correspondences.
Locating Data Sources in Large Distributed Systems.
Robust Estimation With Sampling and Approximate Pre-Aggregation.
Controlling Access to Published Data Using Cryptography.
OASIS: An Online and Accurate Technique for Local-alignment Searches on Biological Sequences.
Privacy-Preserving Indexing of Documents on the Network.
Data Compression in Oracle.
Improving Performance with Bulk-Inserts in Oracle R-Trees.
Statistics on Views.
Efficient Query Processing for Multi-Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
A Platform Based on the Multi-dimensional Data Model for Analysis of Bio-Molecular Structures.
Capturing Global Transactions from Multiple Recovery Log Files in a Partitioned Database System.
The BEA/XQRL Streaming XQuery Processor.
XML Schemas in Oracle XML DB.
Integrated Data Management for Mobile Services in the Real World.
Web Services (Industrial Session).
Grid and Applications (Industrial Session).
Commercial Use of Database Technology.
The Zero-Delay Data Warehouse: Mobilizing Heterogeneous Databases.
A Database Striptease or How to Manage Your Personal Databases.
Who needs XML Databases?
Illuminating the Dark Side of Web Services.
Xcerpt and visXcerpt: From Pattern-Based to Visual Querying of XML and Semistructured Data.
OrientStore: A Schema Based Native XML Storage System.
Managing Distributed Workspaces with Active XML.
Xquec: Pushing Queries to Compressed XML Data.
A System for Keyword Proximity Search on XML Databases.
XISS/R: XML Indexing and Storage System using RDBMS.
Implementing Xquery 1.0: The Galax Experience.
WebService Composition with O'GRAPE and OSIRIS.
Chameleon: an Extensible and Customizable Tool for Web Data Translation.
NexusScout: An Advanced Location-Based Application on a Distributed, Open Mediation Platform.
Schema-driven Customization of Web Services.
BibFinder/StatMiner: Effectively Mining and Using Coverage and Overlap Statistics in Data Integration.
S-ToPSS: Semantic Toronto Publish/Subscribe System.
From Focused Crawling to Expert Information: an Application Framework for Web Exploration and Portal Generation.
CachePortal II: Acceleration of Very Large Scale Data Center-Hosted Database-driven Web Applications.
ATLAS: A Small but Complete SQL Extension for Data Mining and Data Streams.
Business Modelling Using SQL Spreadsheets.
An Interpolated Volume Data Model.
Efficacious Data Cube Exploration by Semantic Summarization and Compression.
QUIET: Continuous Query-driven Index Tuning.
Chip-Secured Data Access: Reconciling Access Rights with Data Encryption.
IrisNet: An Architecture for Internet-scale Sensing Services.
Large-Scale, Standards-Based Earth Observation Imagery and Web Mapping Services.
Privacy-Enhanced Data Management for Next-Generation e-Commerce.
The Semantic Web: Semantics for Data on the Web.
Data Stream Query Processing: A Tutorial.
Grid Data Management Systems & Services.
Constructing and integrating data-centric Web Applications: Methods, Tools, and Techniques.
151
Databases in a Wireless World.
Structures, Semantics and Statistics.
Whither Data Mining?
Compressing Large Boolean Matrices using Reordering Techniques.
On the performance of bitmap indices for high cardinality attributes.
Practical Suffix Tree Construction.
Answering XPath Queries over Networks by Sending Minimal Views.
A Framework for Using Materialized XPath Views in XML Query Processing.
Schema-Free XQuery.
Client-Based Access Control Management for XML documents.
Secure XML Publishing without Information Leakage in the Presence of Data Inference.
Limiting Disclosure in Hippocratic Databases.
On Testing Satisfiability of Tree Pattern Queries.
Containment of Nested XML Queries.
Efficient XML-to-SQL Query Translation: Where to Add the Intelligence?
Taming XPath Queries by Minimizing Wildcard Steps.
The NEXT Logical Framework for XQuery.
Detecting Change in Data Streams.
Stochastic Consistency, and Scalable Pull-Based Caching for Erratic Data Sources.
False Positive or False Negative: Mining Frequent Itemsets from High Speed Transactional Data Streams.
Indexing Temporal XML Documents.
Schema-based Scheduling of Event Processors and Buffer Minimization for Queries on Structured Data Streams.
Bloom Histogram: Path Selectivity Estimation for XML Data with Updates.
XQuery on SQL Hosts.
ROX: Relational Over XML.
From XML View Updates to Relational View Updates: old solutions to a new problem.
XWAVE: Approximate Extended Wavelets for Streaming Data.
REHIST: Relative Error Histogram Construction Algorithms.
Distributed Set Expression Cardinality Estimation.
Memory-Limited Execution of Windowed Stream Joins.
Resource Sharing in Continuous Sliding-Window Aggregates.
Remembrance of Streams Past: Overload-Sensitive Management of Archived Streams.
WIC: A General-Purpose Algorithm for Monitoring Web Information Sources.
Simlarity Search for Web Services.
AWESOME - A Data Warehouse-based System for Adaptive Website Recommendations.
Accurate and Efficient Crawling for Relevant Websites.
Instance-based Schema Matching for Web Databases by Domain-specific Query Probing.
Computing PageRank in a Distributed Internet Search Engine System.
Enhancing P2P File-Sharing with an Internet-Scale Query Processor.
Online Balancing of Range-Partitioned Data with Applications to Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Networked Query Processing for Distributed Stream-Based Applications.
Data Sharing Through Query Translation in Autonomous Sources.
Linear Road: A Stream Data Management Benchmark.
Query Languages and Data Models for Database Sequences and Data Streams.
Tamper Detection in Audit Logs.
Auditing Compliance with a Hippocratic Database.
High-Dimensional OLAP: A Minimal Cubing Approach.
The Complexity of Fully Materialized Coalesced Cubes.
Relational link-based ranking.
ObjectRank: Authority-Based Keyword Search in Databases.
Combating Web Spam with TrustRank.
Model-Driven Data Acquisition in Sensor Networks.
The Design of GridDB: A Data-Centric Overlay for the Scientific Grid.
Towards an Internet-Scale XML Dissemination Service.
Efficiency-Quality Tradeoffs for Vector Score Aggregation.
Merging the Results of Approximate Match Operations.
Top-k Query Evaluation with Probabilistic Guarantees.
STEPS towards Cache-resident Transaction Processing.
Write-Optimized B-Trees.
Cache-Conscious Radix-Decluster Projections.
Clotho: Decoupling memory page layout from storage organization.
Vision Paper: Enabling Privacy for the Paranoids.
A Privacy-Preserving Index for Range Queries.
Resilient Rights Protection for Sensor Streams.
Reverse kNN Search in Arbitrary Dimensionality.
Gorder: An Efficient Method for KNN Join Processing.
Query and Update Efficient B+-Tree Based Indexing of Moving Objects.
Indexing Large Human-Motion Databases.
On The Marriage of Lp-norms and Edit Distance.
Approximate NN queries on Streams with Guaranteed Error/performance Bounds.
Object Fusion in Geographic Information Systems.
Maintenance of Spatial Semijoin Queries on Moving Points.
Voronoi-Based K Nearest Neighbor Search for Spatial Network Databases.
A Framework for Projected Clustering of High Dimensional Data Streams.
Efficient Query Evaluation on Probabilistic Databases.
Efficient Indexing Methods for Probabilistic Threshold Queries over Uncertain Data.
Probabilistic Ranking of Database Query Results.
An Annotation Management System for Relational Databases.
Symmetric Relations and Cardinality-Bounded Multisets in Database Systems.
Algebraic Manipulation of Scientific Datasets.
Multi-objective Query Processing for Database Systems.
Lifting the Burden of History from Adaptive Query Processing.
A Combined Framework for Grouping and Order Optimization.
The Case for Precision Sharing.
Returning Modified Rows - SELECT Statements with Side Effects.
PIVOT and UNPIVOT: Optimization and Execution Strategies in an RDBMS.
A Multi-Purpose Implementation of Mandatory Access Control in Relational Database Management Systems.
Hardware Acceleration in Commercial Databases: A Case Study of Spatial Operations.
P*TIME: Highly Scalable OLTP DBMS for Managing Update-Intensive Stream Workload.
Generating Thousand Benchmark Queries in Seconds.
Supporting Ontology-Based Semantic matching in RDBMS.
BioPatentMiner: An Information Retrieval System for BioMedical Patents.
Flexible String Matching Against Large Databases in Practice.
DB2 Design Advisor: Integrated Automatic Physical Database Design.
Automatic SQL Tuning in Oracle 10g.
Database Tuning Advisor for Microsoft SQL Server 2005.
Query Rewrite for XML in Oracle XML DB.
Indexing XML Data Stored in a Relational Database.
Automated Statistics Collection in DB2 UDB.
High Performance Index Build Algorithms for Intranet Search Engines.
Automating the design of multi-dimensional clustering tables in relational databases.
Integrating Automatic Data Acquisition with Business Processes - Experiences with SAP's Auto-ID Infrastructure.
Managing RDFI Data.
Production Database Systems: Making Them Easy is Hard Work.
Managing Data from High-Throughput Genomic Processing: A Case Study.
Database Challenges in the Integration of Biomedical Data Sets.
The Bloomba Personal Content Database.
Trends in Data Warehousing: A Practitioner's View.
Technology Challenges in a Data Warehouse.
Sybase IQ Multiplex - Designed For Analytics.
Biological Data Management: Research, Practice and Opportunities.
Where is Business Intelligence taking today's Database Systems?
Database Architecture for New Hardware.
Security of Shared Data in Large Systems: State of the Art and Research Directions.
Self-Managing Technology in Database Management Systems.
Architectures and Algorithms for Internet-Scale (P2P) Data Management.
The Continued Saga of DB-IR Integration.
GPX: Interactive Mining of Gene Expression Data.
Computing Frequent Itemsets Inside Oracle 10G.
StreamMiner: A Classifier Ensemble-based Engine to Mine Concept-drifting Data Streams.
Semantic Mining and Analysis of Gene Expression Data.
HOS-Miner: A System for Detecting Outlying Subspaces of High-dimensional Data.
VizTree: a Tool for Visually Mining and Monitoring Massive Time Series Databases.
An Electronic Patient Record "on Steroids": Distributed, Peer-to-Peer, Secure and Privacy-conscious.
Queries and Updates in the coDB Peer to Peer Database System.
A-ToPSS: A Publish/Subscribe System Supporting Imperfect Information Processing.
Efficient Constraint Processing for Highly Personalized Location Based Services.
LH*RS: A Highly Available Distributed Data Storage.
Semantic Query Optimization in an Automata-Algebra Combined XQuery Engine over XML Streams.
ShreX: Managing XML Documents in Relational Databases.
A Uniform System for Publishing and Maintaining XML Data.
An Injection of Tree Awareness: Adding Staircase Join to PostgreSQL.
FluXQuery: An Optimizing XQuery Processor for Streaming XML Data.
COMPASS: A Concept-based Web Search Engine for HTML, XML, and Deep Web Data.
Discovering and Ranking Semantic Associations over a Large RDF Metabase.
An Automatic Data Grabber for Large Web Sites.
WS-CatalogNet: An Infrastructure for Creating, Peering, and Querying e-Catalog Communities.
Trust-Serv: A Lightweight Trust Negotiation Service.
Green Query Optimization: Taming Query Optimization Overheads through Plan Recycling.
Progressive Optimization in Action.
CORDS: Automatic Generation of Correlation Statistics in DB2.
CHICAGO: A Test and Evaluation Environment for Coarse-Grained Optimization.
SVT: Schema Validation Tool for Microsoft SQL-Server.
CAPE: Continuous Query Engine with Heterogeneous-Grained Adaptivity.
HiFi: A Unified Architecture for High Fan-in Systems.
An Integration Framework for Sensor Networks and Data Stream Management Systems.
QStream: Deterministic Querying of Data Streams.
AIDA: an Adaptive Immersive Data Analyzer.
BilVideo Video Database Management System.
PLACE: A Query Processor for Handling Real-time Spatio-temporal Data Streams.
143
Why Search Engines are Used Increasingly to Offload Queries from Databases.
Database-Inspired Search.
Sketching Streams Through the Net: Distributed Approximate Query Tracking.
Summarizing and Mining Inverse Distributions on Data Streams via Dynamic Inverse Sampling.
Adaptive Stream Filters for Entity-based Queries with Non-Value Tolerance.
Improving Database Performance on Simultaneous Multithreading Processors.
Parallel Querying with Non-Dedicated Computers.
Optimistic Intra-Transaction Parallelism on Chip Multiprocessors.
Information Preserving XML Schema Embedding.
Light-weight Domain-based Form Assistant: Querying Web Databases On the Fly.
Designing Information-Preserving Mapping Schemes for XML.
Rewriting XPath Queries Using Materialized Views.
Benefits of Path Summaries in an XML Query Optimizer Supporting Multiple Access Methods.
Efficient Processing of XML Path Queries Using the Disk-based F&B Index.
Customizable Parallel Execution of Scientific Stream Queries.
Using Association Rules for Fraud Detection in Web Advertising Networks.
Parameter Free Bursty Events Detection in Text Streams.
From Region Encoding To Extended Dewey: On Efficient Processing of XML Twig Pattern Matching.
Tree-Pattern Queries on a Lightweight XML Processor.
FiST: Scalable XML Document Filtering by Sequencing Twig Patterns.
Maximal Vector Computation in Large Data Sets.
Efficient Computation of the Skyline Cube.
Catching the Best Views of Skyline: A Semantic Approach Based on Decisive Subspaces.
Efficient Evaluation of XQuery over Streaming Data.
Semantic Query Optimization for XQuery over XML Streams.
Statistical Learning Techniques for Costing XML Queries.
Approximate Matching of Hierarchical Data Using pq-Grams.
The TEXTURE Benchmark: Measuring Performance of Text Queries on a Relational DBMS.
n-Gram/2L: A Space and Time Efficient Two-Level n-Gram Inverted Index Structure.
Query Translation from XPath to SQL in the Presence of Recursive DTDs.
Pattern Tree Algebras: Sets or Sequences?
Structure and Content Scoring for XML.
Consistently Estimating the Selectivity of Conjuncts of Predicates.
Efficiently Processing Queries on Interval-and-Value Tuples in Relational Databases.
Selectivity Estimation for Fuzzy String Predicates in Large Data Sets.
Space Efficiency in Synopsis Construction Algorithms.
One-Pass Wavelet Synopses for Maximum-Error Metrics.
MDL Summarization with Holes.
View Matching for Outer-Join Views.
Caching with 'Good Enough' Currency, Consistency, and Completeness.
Query Caching and View Selection for XML Databases.
Optimizing Nested Queries with Parameter Sort Orders.
Stack-based Algorithms for Pattern Matching on DAGs.
Bidirectional Expansion For Keyword Search on Graph Databases.
Link Spam Alliances.
The SphereSearch Engine for Unified Ranked Retrieval of Heterogeneous XML and Web Documents.
Hubble: An Advanced Dynamic Folder Technology for XML.
C-Store: A Column-oriented DBMS.
Fine-Grained Replication and Scheduling with Freshness and Correctness Guarantees.
Cache-conscious Frequent Pattern Mining on a Modern Processor.
Parallel Execution of Test Runs for Database Application Systems.
Query Execution Assurance for Outsourced Databases.
Automatic Composition of Transition-based Semantic Web Services with Messaging.
An Efficient and Versatile Query Engine for TopX Search.
KLEE: A Framework for Distributed Top-k Query Algorithms.
Scaling and Time Warping in Time Series Querying.
BATON: A Balanced Tree Structure for Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Client Assignment in Content Dissemination Networks for Dynamic Data.
Indexing Data-oriented Overlay Networks.
Streaming Pattern Discovery in Multiple Time-Series.
Mining Compressed Frequent-Pattern Sets.
Discovering Large Dense Subgraphs in Massive Graphs.
General Purpose Database Summarization.
Online Estimation For Subset-Based SQL Queries.
Content-Based Routing: Different Plans for Different Data.
REED: Robust, Efficient Filtering and Event Detection in Sensor Networks.
Shuffling a Stacked Deck: The Case for Partially Randomized Ranking of Search Engine Results.
Indexing Mixed Types for Approximate Retrieval.
Answering Queries from Statistics and Probabilistic Views.
Inspector Joins.
Revisiting Pipelined Parallelism in Multi-Join Query Processing.
Early Hash Join: A Configurable Algorithm for the Efficient and Early Production of Join Results.
On Map-Matching Vehicle Tracking Data.
An Efficient and Scalable Approach to CNN Queries in a Road Network.
Complex Spatio-Temporal Pattern Queries.
Distributed Privacy Preserving Information Sharing.
On k-Anonymity and the Curse of Dimensionality.
Checking for k-Anonymity Violation by Views.
Indexing Multi-Dimensional Uncertain Data with Arbitrary Probability Density Functions.
A Trajectory Splitting Model for Efficient Spatio-Temporal Indexing.
On Computing Top-t Most Influential Spatial Sites.
Efficient Implementation of Large-Scale Multi-Structural Databases.
OLAP Over Uncertain and Imprecise Data.
Prediction Cubes.
Tuning Schema Matching Software using Synthetic Scenarios.
Semantic Adaptation of Schema Mappings when Schemas Evolve.
Mapping Maintenance for Data Integration Systems.
Bridging the Gap between OLAP and SQL.
Optimizing Refresh of a Set of Materialized Views.
Large Scale Data Warehouses on Grid: Oracle Database 10g and HP ProLiant Systems.
The Integrated Microbial Genomes (IMG) System: A Case Study in Biological Data Management.
A Heartbeat Mechanism and Its Application in Gigascope.
Using a Fuzzy Classification Query Language for Customer Relationship Management.
Flexible Database Generators.
Recovery Principles in MySQL Cluster 5.1.
Getting Priorities Straight: Improving Linux Support for Database I/O.
Temporal Management of RFID Data.
Supporting RFID-based Item Tracking Applications in Oracle DBMS Using a Bitmap Datatype.
SVM in Oracle Database 10g: Removing the Barriers to Widespread Adoption of Support Vector Machines.
Native XML Support in DB2 Universal Database.
XQuery Implementation in a Relational Database System.
CXHist : An On-line Classification-Based Histogram for XML String Selectivity Estimation.
Consistency for Web Services Applications.
Query By Excel.
An Efficient SQL-based RDF Querying Scheme.
Analyzing Plan Diagrams of Database Query Optimizers.
Database Publication Practices.
PrediCalc: A Logical Spreadsheet Management System.
Automatic Data Fusion with HumMer.
Querying Business Processes with BP-QL.
StreamGlobe: Processing and Sharing Data Streams in Grid-Based P2P Infrastructures.
MINERVA: Collaborative P2P Search.
HePToX: Marrying XML and Heterogeneity in Your P2P Databases.
U-DBMS: A Database System for Managing Constantly-Evolving Data.
Database Change Notifications: Primitives for Efficient Database Query Result Caching.
CMS-ToPSS: Efficient Dissemination of RSS Documents.
Interactive Schema Translation with Instance-Level Mappings.
AReNA: Adaptive Distributed Catalog Infrastructure Based On Relevance Networks.
Data Sharing in the Hyperion Peer Database System.
NILE-PDT: A Phenomenon Detection and Tracking Framework for Data Stream Management Systems.
Robust Real-time Query Processing with QStream.
Loadstar: Load Shedding in Data Stream Mining.
iMeMex: Escapes from the Personal Information Jungle.
Personalizing XML Text Search in PimenT.
WISE-Integrator: A System for Extracting and Integrating Complex Web Search Interfaces of the Deep Web.
WmXML: A System for Watermarking XML Data.
Pathfinder: XQuery - The Relational Way.
MIX: A Meta-data Indexing System for XML.
ULoad: Choosing the Right Storage for Your XML Application.
A Faceted Query Engine Applied to Archaeology.
A Dynamically Adaptive Distributed System for Processing Complex Continuous Queries.
RankSQL: Supporting Ranking Queries in Relational Database Management Systems.
PSYCHO: A Prototype System for Pattern Management.
Answering Imprecise Queries over Web Databases.
ConQuer: A System for Efficient Querying Over Inconsistent Databases.
QoS-based Data Access and Placement for Federated Information Systems.
Approximate Joins: Concepts and Techniques.
Offline and Data Stream Algorithms for Efficient Computation of Synopsis Structures.
Personalized Systems: Models and Methods from an IR and DB Perspective.
Contextual Insight in Search: Enabling Technologies and Applications.
Semantic Overlay Networks.
XML Full-Text Search: Challenges and Opportunities.
137
Enterprise Information Mashups: Integrating Information, Simply.
Next Generation Data Management in Enterprise Application Platforms.
Data Integration: The Teenage Years.
Safety Guarantee of Continuous Join Queries over Punctuated Data Streams.
Scalable Continuous Query Processing by Tracking Hotspots.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Monitoring in Road Networks.
Implementing Mapping Composition.
Nested Mappings: Schema Mapping Reloaded.
Debugging Schema Mappings with Routes.
A Linear Time Algorithm for Optimal Tree Sibling Partitioning and Approximation Algorithms in Natix.
Efficient Discovery of XML Data Redundancies.
Inference of Concise DTDs from XML Data.
Efficient Secure Query Evaluation over Encrypted XML Databases.
Anatomy: Simple and Effective Privacy Preservation.
Towards Robustness in Query Auditing.
Adaptive Cleaning for RFID Data Streams.
A Deferred Cleansing Method for RFID Data Analytics.
Online Outlier Detection in Sensor Data Using Non-Parametric Models.
Relaxing Join and Selection Queries.
Using Partial Evaluation in Distributed Query Evaluation.
TRAC: Toward Recency and Consistency Reporting in a Database with Distributed Data Sources.
Towards Robust Indexing for Ranked Queries.
An Incrementally Maintainable Index for Approximate Lookups in Hierarchical Data.
FIX: Feature-based Indexing Technique for XML Documents.
Type-Based XML Projection.
Twig2Stack: Bottom-up Processing of Generalized-Tree-Pattern Queries over XML Documents.
An Algebraic Query Model for Effective and Efficient Retrieval of XML Fragments.
Putting Context into Schema Matching.
Schema Summarization.
Multi-column Substring Matching for Database Schema Translation.
Querying Business Processes.
Query Optimization over Web Services.
iDM: A Unified and Versatile Data Model for Personal Dataspace Management.
CURE for Cubes: Cubing Using a ROLAP Engine.
Efficient Allocation Algorithms for OLAP Over Imprecise Data.
Composite Subset Measures.
Efficient and Decentralized PageRank Approximation in a Peer-to-Peer Web Search Network.
LinkClus: Efficient Clustering via Heterogeneous Semantic Links.
Link Spam Detection Based on Mass Estimation.
Answering Top-k Queries Using Views.
Answering Top-k Queries with Multi-Dimensional Selections: The Ranking Cube Approach.
IO-Top-k: Index-access Optimized Top-k Query Processing.
Performance Tradeoffs in Read-Optimized Databases.
To Tune or not to Tune? A Lightweight Physical Design Alerter.
Efficient Scheduling of Heterogeneous Continuous Queries.
Indexing for Function Approximation.
Active and Accelerated Learning of Cost Models for Optimizing Scientific Applications.
Adaptive Execution of Variable-Accuracy Functions.
AFilter: Adaptable XML Filtering with Prefix-Caching and Suffix-Clustering.
Answering Tree Pattern Queries Using Views.
Maintaining XPath Views In Loosely Coupled Systems.
A Dip in the Reservoir: Maintaining Sample Synopses of Evolving Datasets.
On Biased Reservoir Sampling in the Presence of Stream Evolution.
State-Slice: New Paradigm of Multi-query Optimization of Window-based Stream Queries.
Similarity Search: A Matching Based Approach.
Progressive Computation of the Min-Dist Optimal-Location Query.
Bellwether Analysis: Predicting Global Aggregates from Local Regions.
Efficiently Linking Text Documents with Relevant Structured Information.
Meaningful Labeling of Integrated Query Interfaces.
GORDIAN: Efficient and Scalable Discovery of Composite Keys.
An Integrated Approach to Recovery and High Availability in an Updatable, Distributed Data Warehouse.
Lazy Database Replication with Snapshot Isolation.
Delay Aware Querying with Seaweed.
Full Disjunctions: Polynomial-Delay Iterators in Action.
The Spatial Skyline Queries.
The New Casper: Query Processing for Location Services without Compromising Privacy.
Providing Resiliency to Load Variations in Distributed Stream Processing.
Load Shedding in Stream Databases: A Control-Based Approach.
Window-Aware Load Shedding for Aggregation Queries over Data Streams.
Mining Frequent Closed Cubes in 3D Datasets.
Efficient Incremental Maintenance of Data Cubes.
FlowCube: Constructuing RFID FlowCubes for Multi-Dimensional Analysis of Commodity Flows.
Approximate Encoding for Direct Access and Query Processing over Compressed Bitmaps.
How to Wring a Table Dry: Entropy Compression of Relations and Querying of Compressed Relations.
Compact Histograms for Hierarchical Identifiers.
LB_Keogh Supports Exact Indexing of Shapes under Rotation Invariance with Arbitrary Representations and Distance Measures.
Distance Indexing on Road Networks.
Reference-based Indexing of Sequence Databases.
Efficient Exact Set-Similarity Joins.
Analysis of Two Existing and One New Dynamic Programming Algorithm for the Generation of Optimal Bushy Join Trees without Cross Products.
Containment of Conjunctive Object Meta-Queries.
ULDBs: Databases with Uncertainty and Lineage.
Creating Probabilistic Databases from Information Extraction Models.
Quality Views: Capturing and Exploiting the User Perspective on Data Quality.
Automatic Extraction of Dynamic Record Sections From Search Engine Result Pages.
Trustworthy Keyword Search for Regulatory-Compliant Record Retention.
Efficient Detection of Empty-Result Queries.
Cost-Based Query Transformation in Oracle.
Query Processing in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
The Making of TPC-DS.
Data Mining with the SAP Netweaver BI Accelerator.
Contest of XML Lock Protocols.
Adaptive Self-tuning Memory in DB2.
Mapping Moving Landscapes by Mining Mountains of Logs: Novel Techniques for Dependency Model Generation.
IT839 Policy Leading to u-Korea.
Home Network: Road to Ubiquitous World.
Advances in Memory Technology.
Efficient XSLT Processing in Relational Database System.
On the Path to Efficient XML Queries.
Building Conference Proceedings Requires Adaptable Workflow and Content Management.
Globalization: Challenges to Database Community.
NUITS: A Novel User Interface for Efficient Keyword Search over Databases.
IPAC - An Interactive Approach to Access Control for Semi-structured Data.
Trio: A System for Data, Uncertainty, and Lineage.
SIREN: A Similarity Retrieval Engine for Complex Data.
AQAX: A System for Approximate XML Query Answers.
PARAgrab: A Comprehensive Architecture for Web Image Management and Multimodal Querying.
Incremental Schema Matching.
A Semantic Information Integration Tool Suite.
POP/FED: Progressive Query Optimization for Federated Queries in DB2.
SPIDER: a Schema mapPIng DEbuggeR.
OntoQuest: Exploring Ontological Data Made Easy.
HISA: A Query System Bridging The Semantic Gap For Large Image Databases.
Adaptive Density Estimation.
GMine: A System for Scalable, Interactive Graph Visualization and Mining.
A Middleware for Fast and Flexible Sensor Network Deployment.
Entirely Declarative Sensor Network Systems.
R-SOX: Runtime Semantic Query Optimization over XML Streams.
Using High Dimensional Indexes to Support Relevance Feedback Based Interactive Images Retrival.
XML Evolution: A Two-phase XML Processing Model Using XML Prefiltering Techniques.
myPortal: Robust Extraction and Aggregation of Web Content.
EOS2: Unstoppable Stateful PHP.
SMOQE: A System for Providing Secure Access to XML.
Crimson: A Data Management System to Support Evaluating Phylogenetic Tree Reconstruction Algorithms.
HUX: Handling Updates in XML.
InteMon: Intelligent System Monitoring on Large Clusters.
Simple and Realistic Data Generation.
XCheck: A Platform for Benchmarking XQuery Engines.
GignoMDA - Exploiting Cross-Layer Optimization for Complex Database Applications.
LGeDBMS: A Small DBMS for Embedded System with Flash Memory.
Panel: One Platform for Mining Structured & Unstructured Data: Dream or Reality?
Foundations of Automated Database Tuning.
Streaming in a Connected World.
Query Co-Processing on Commodity Processors.
A Decade of Progress in Indexing and Mining Large Time Series Databases.
Randomized Algorithms for Matrices and Massive Data Sets.
162
Cover Page.
Sponsors.
Copyright Notice.
Welcome Message from the General Chairs.
Foreword from the PC Chairs.
Conference Officers.
Program Committees and External Reviewers.
VLDB Endowment Board of Trustees.
Table of Contents (pdf).
Data Access Patterns in The Amazon.com Technology Platform.
Technology for Developing Regions.
Self-Tuning Database Systems: A Decade of Progress.
Probabilistic Skylines on Uncertain Data.
Matching Twigs in Probabilistic XML.
OLAP over Imprecise Data with Domain Constraints.
Materialized Views in Probabilistic Databases for Information Exchange and Query Optimization.
LCS-TRIM: Dynamic Programming Meets XML Indexing and Querying.
Extending XQuery with Window Functions.
Structured Materialized Views for XML Queries.
XRPC: Interoperable and Efficient Distributed XQuery.
Security in Outsourcing of Association Rule Mining.
Over-encryption: Management of Access Control Evolution on Outsourced Data.
CADS: Continuous Authentication on Data Streams.
Proof-Infused Streams: Enabling Authentication of Sliding Window Queries On Streams.
Staying FIT: Efficient Load Shedding Techniques for Distributed Stream Processing.
A Simple and Efficient Estimation Method for Stream Expression Cardinalities.
Ad-hoc Top-k Query Answering for Data Streams.
Extending Q-Grams to Estimate Selectivity of String Matching with Low Edit Distance.
Fast nGram-Based String Search Over Data Encoded Using Algebraic Signatures.
Effective Phrase Prediction.
Lazy Maintenance of Materialized Views.
Extending Dependencies with Conditions.
Unifying Data and Domain Knowledge Using Virtual Views.
Efficient Skyline Computation over Low-Cardinality Domains.
Approaching the Skyline in Z Order.
Efficient Computation of Reverse Skyline Queries.
VGRAM: Improving Performance of Approximate Queries on String Collections Using Variable-Length Grams.
Improving Data Quality: Consistency and Accuracy.
Example-driven design of efficient record matching queries.
Adaptive Aggregation on Chip Multiprocessors.
To Share or Not To Share?
Executing Stream Joins on the Cell Processor.
RankMass Crawler: A Crawler with High PageRank Coverage Guarantee.
EntityRank: Searching Entities Directly and Holistically.
Building Structured Web Community Portals: A Top-Down, Compositional, and Incremental Approach.
Scalable Semantic Web Data Management Using Vertical Partitioning.
Ranked Subsequence Matching in Time-Series Databases.
Indexable PLA for Efficient Similarity Search.
Mining Approximate Top-K Subspace Anomalies in Multi-Dimensional Time-Series Data.
Time Series Compressibility and Privacy.
A Bayesian Method for Guessing the Extreme Values in a Data Set.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Dominating Queries on Multi-Dimensional Data.
Best Position Algorithms for Top-k Queries.
Sum-Max Monotonic Ranked Joins for Evaluating Top-K Twig Queries on Weighted Data Graphs.
Answering Aggregation Queries in a Secure System Model.
The Boundary Between Privacy and Utility in Data Publishing.
Minimality Attack in Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
On the Correctness Criteria of Fine-Grained Access Control in Relational Databases.
Modeling and Querying Vague Spatial Objects Using Shapelets.
On Efficient Spatial Matching.
Main-Memory Operation Buffering for Efficient R-Tree Update.
Monitoring Business Processes with Queries.
An Approach to Optimize Data Processing in Business Processes.
Reasoning about the Behavior of Semantic Web Services with Concurrent Transaction Logic.
Randomized Algorithms for Data Reconciliation in Wide Area Aggregate Query Processing.
Query Processing over Incomplete Autonomous Databases.
iTrails: Pay-as-you-go Information Integration in Dataspaces.
Update Exchange with Mappings and Provenance.
Data Integration with Uncertainty.
Context-Aware Wrapping: Synchronized Data Extraction.
Processing Forecasting Queries.
Cooperative Scans: Dynamic Bandwidth Sharing in a DBMS.
Stop-and-Restart Style Execution for Long Running Decision Support Queries.
K-Anonymization as Spatial Indexing: Toward Scalable and Incremental Anonymization.
Fast Data Anonymization with Low Information Loss.
Privacy Skyline: Privacy with Multidimensional Adversarial Knowledge.
Integrity Auditing of Outsourced Data.
Adaptive Fastest Path Computation on a Road Network: A Traffic Mining Approach.
Seeking Stable Clusters in the Blogosphere.
On Dominating Your Neighborhood Profitably.
Detecting Attribute Dependencies from Query Feedback.
Making Sense of Suppressions and Failures in Sensor Data: A Bayesian Approach.
MIST: Distributed Indexing and Querying in Sensor Networks using Statistical Models.
Early Profile Pruning on XML-aware Publish/Subscribe Systems.
Value-Based Notification Conditions in Large-Scale Publish/Subscribe Systems.
Efficiently Answering Top-k Typicality Queries on Large Databases.
Depth Estimation for Ranking Query Optimization.
Anytime Measures for Top-k Algorithms.
Towards Graph Containment Search and Indexing.
Graph Indexing: Tree + Delta >= Graph.
Multi-Probe LSH: Efficient Indexing for High-Dimensional Similarity Search .
STAR: Self-Tuning Aggregation for Scalable Monitoring.
SQLB: A Query Allocation Framework for Autonomous Consumers and Providers.
Peer-to-Peer Similarity Search in Metric Spaces.
Inferring XML Schema Definitions from XML Data.
Querying Complex Structured Databases.
Measuring the Structural Similarity of Semistructured Documents Using Entropy.
Declarative Information Extraction Using Datalog with Embedded Extraction Predicates.
A Relational Approach to Incrementally Extracting and Querying Structure in Unstructured Data.
Efficient Keyword Search over Virtual XML Views.
A General Framework for Modeling and Processing Optimization Queries.
On the Production of Anorexic Plan Diagrams.
Efficient Use of the Query Optimizer for Automated Database Design.
Dynamic Workload Management for Very Large Data Warehouses: Juggling Feathers and Bowling Balls.
Tracing Lineage Beyond Relational Operators.
A Generic solution for Warehousing Business Process Data.
Why You Should Run TPC-DS: A Workload Analysis.
The End of an Architectural Era (It's Time for a Complete Rewrite).
Computer Science 2.0: A New World of Data Management.
RadixZip: Linear-Time Compression of Token Streams.
Continuous Queries in Oracle.
Challenges and Experience in Prototyping a Multi-Modal Stream Analytic and Monitoring Application on System S.
Efficient Bulk Deletes for Multi Dimensionally Clustered Tables in DB2.
Supporting Time-Constrained SQL Queries in Oracle.
Request Window: an Approach to Improve Throughput of RDBMS-based Data Integration System by Utilizing Data Sharing Across Concurrent Distributed Queries.
Inverse Functions in the AquaLogic Data Services Platform.
A genetic approach for random testing of database systems.
Bridging the Application and DBMS Profiling Divide for Database Application Developers.
Automating the Detection of Snapshot Isolation Anomalies.
Optimization of Frequent Itemset Mining on Multiple-Core Processor.
CellSort: High Performance Sorting on the Cell Processor.
Increasing Buffer-Locality for Multiple Index Based Scans through Intelligent Placement and Index Scan Speed Control.
SciPort: An Adaptable Scientific Data Integration Platform for Collaborative Scientific Research.
DataScope: Viewing Database Contents in Google Maps' Way.
XBenchMatch: a Benchmark for XML Schema Matching Tools.
GeRoMeSuite: A System for Holistic Generic Model Management.
Semi-Automatic Schema Integration in Clio.
XSeek: A Semantic XML Search Engine Using Keywords.
Self-Organizing Schema Mappings in the GridVine Peer Data Management System.
CallAssist: Helping Call Center Agents in Preference Elicitation.
NS2: Networked Searchable Store with Correctness.
GhostDB: Hiding Data from Prying Eyes.
FuSem - Exploring Different Semantics of Data Fusion.
IndeGS: Index Supported Graphics Data Server for CFD Data Postprocessing.
A STEP Towards Realizing Codd's Vision of Rendezvous with the Casual User.
TRAX - Real-World Tracking of Moving Objects.
Zoom*UserViews: Querying Relevant Provenance in Workflow Systems.
DAMIA - A Data Mashup Fabric for Intranet Applications.
UQLIPS: A Real-time Near-duplicate Video Clip Detection System.
The GCX System: Dynamic Buffer Minimization in Streaming XQuery Evaluation.
A Cost-Estimation Component for Statement Sequences.
Eliminating Impedance Mismatch in C++.
Large Scale P2P Distribution of Open-Source Software.
HiSbase: Histogram-based P2P Main Memory Data Management.
P2P Authority Analysis for Social Communities.
SOR: A Practical System for Ontology Storage, Reasoning and Search.
Periscope/SQ: Interactive Exploration of Biological Sequence Databases.
BlogScope: A System for Online Analysis of High Volume Text Streams.
FluxCapacitor: Efficient Time-Travel Text Search.
Deadline and QoS Aware Data Warehouse.
Query language support for incomplete information in the MayBMS system.
Adaptive query processing: Why, How, When, and What Next?
Raster databases.
From Data Privacy to Location Privacy: Models and Algorithms.
Secure Data Outsourcing.
Regulatory-Compliant Data Management.
Probabilistic Graphical Models and their Role in Databases.
XML retrieval: db/ir in theory, web in practice.
Model Management and Schema Mappings: Theory and Practice.
Performance Evaluation and Experimental Assessment - Conscience or Curse of Database Research?
What does Web 2.0 have to do with databases?
169
Is transactional memory an oxymoron?
Databases and the silification of health.
What's wrong with high-dimensional similarity search?
Constrained physical design tuning.
Scalable multi-query optimization for exploratory queries over federated scientific databases.
Clustera: an integrated computation and data management system.
Performance profiling with EndoScope, an acquisitional software monitoring framework.
Mining search engine query logs via suggestion sampling.
Plan-based complex event detection across distributed sources.
Finding relevant patterns in bursty sequences.
Constrained locally weighted clustering.
Resisting structural re-identification in anonymized social networks.
Privacy-preserving anonymization of set-valued data.
Authenticating the query results of text search engines.
Structural signatures for tree data structures.
Maintaining dynamic channel profiles on the web.
WYSIWYG development of data driven web applications.
Web page language identification based on URLs.
Parallelizing query optimization.
Hashed samples: selectivity estimators for set similarity selection queries.
Tighter estimation using bottom k sketches.
STBenchmark: towards a benchmark for mapping systems.
Interactive source registration in community-oriented information integration.
Data exchange with data-metadata translations.
Out-of-order processing: a new architecture for high-performance stream systems.
StreamTX: extracting tuples from streaming XML data.
Sliding-window top-k queries on uncertain streams.
Conditioning probabilistic databases.
Efficient search for the top-k probable nearest neighbors in uncertain databases.
BayesStore: managing large, uncertain data repositories with probabilistic graphical models.
Type inference and type checking for queries on execution traces.
Taming verification hardness: an efficient algorithm for testing subgraph isomorphism.
On generating near-optimal tableaux for conditional functional dependencies.
Propagating functional dependencies with conditions.
Simrank++: query rewriting through link analysis of the click graph.
Accuracy estimate and optimization techniques for SimRank computation.
End-to-end support for joins in large-scale publish/subscribe systems.
Scalable ranked publish/subscribe.
Dependable cardinality forecasts for XQuery.
Hash-base subgraph query processing method for graph-structured XML documents.
Generating XML structure using examples and constraints.
Read-optimized databases, in depth.
Flashing up the storage layer.
Rose: compressed, log-structured replication.
WebTables: exploring the power of tables on the web.
Scalable query result caching for web applications.
Optimization of multi-domain queries on the web.
Fault-tolerant stream processing using a distributed, replicated file system.
LeeWave: level-wise distribution of wavelet coefficients for processing kNN queries over distributed streams.
A practical scalable distributed B-tree.
Main-memory scan sharing for multi-core CPUs.
Row-wise parallel predicate evaluation.
Dynamic partitioning of the cache hierarchy in shared data centers.
RDF-3X: a RISC-style engine for RDF.
Multidimensional content eXploration.
Relaxation in text search using taxonomies.
Learning to extract form labels.
Automated creation of a forms-based database query interface.
Efficient network aware search in collaborative tagging sites.
Cleaning uncertain data with quality guarantees.
On the provenance of non-answers to queries over extracted data.
Dynamic active probing of helpdesk databases.
Graceful database schema evolution: the PRISM workbench.
Analyzing and revising data integration schemas to improve their matchability.
Learning to create data-integrating queries.
Approximate lineage for probabilistic databases.
Exploiting shared correlations in probabilistic databases.
Access control over uncertain data.
Anonymizing bipartite graph data using safe groupings.
Privacy preserving serial data publishing by role composition.
Output perturbation with query relaxation.
Transaction time indexing with version compression.
Managing and querying transaction-time databases under schema evolution.
On efficiently searching trajectories and archival data for historical similarities.
Keyword query cleaning.
Reasoning and identifying relevant matches for XML keyword search.
Ed-Join: an efficient algorithm for similarity joins with edit distance constraints.
Scalable ad-hoc entity extraction from text collections.
Scheduling shared scans of large data files.
Online maintenance of very large random samples on flash storage.
A skip-list approach for efficiently processing forecasting queries.
A request-routing framework for SOA-based enterprise computing.
Hexastore: sextuple indexing for semantic web data management.
Indexing land surface for efficient kNN query.
Efficient skyline querying with variable user preferences on nominal attributes.
Efficient top-k processing over query-dependent functions.
FINCH: evaluating reverse k-Nearest-Neighbor queries on location data.
Discovery of convoys in trajectory databases.
TraClass: trajectory classification using hierarchical region-based and trajectory-based clustering.
The V*-Diagram: a query-dependent approach to moving KNN queries.
Rewriting procedures for batched bindings.
Identifying robust plans through plan diagram reduction.
A pay-as-you-go framework for query execution feedback.
Evita raced: metacompilation for declarative networks.
Discovering data quality rules.
Mining non-redundant high order correlations in binary data.
Keyword search on external memory data graphs.
Sorting hierarchical data in external memory for archiving.
SLEUTH: Single-pubLisher attack dEtection Using correlaTion Hunting.
Energy cost, the key challenge of today's data centers: a power consumption analysis of TPC-C results.
Google's Deep Web crawl.
Industry-scale duplicate detection.
SCOPE: easy and efficient parallel processing of massive data sets.
PNUTS: Yahoo!'s hosted data serving platform.
Relational support for flexible schema scenarios.
Oracle SecureFiles System.
Efficient implementation of sorting on multi-core SIMD CPU architecture.
Efficiently approximating query optimizer plan diagrams.
Brighthouse: an analytic data warehouse for ad-hoc queries.
Optimizer plan change management: improved stability and performance in Oracle 11g.
Towards a physical XML independent XQuery/SQL/XML engine.
Closing the query processing loop in Oracle 11g.
Towards a streaming SQL standard.
eXtract: a snippet generation system for XML search.
Language-integrated querying of XML data in SQL server.
XTCcmp: XQuery compilation on XTC.
Periscope/GQ: a graph querying toolkit.
SEDA: a system for search, exploration, discovery, and analysis of XML Data.
Process spaceship: discovering and exploring process views from event logs in data spaces.
P3N: profiling the potential of a peer-based data management system.
P2P logging and timestamping for reconciliation.
AlvisP2P: scalable peer-to-peer text retrieval in a structured P2P network.
WebContent: efficient P2P Warehousing of web data.
DObjects: enabling distributed data services for metacomputing platforms.
EasyTicket: a ticket routing recommendation engine for enterprise problem resolution.
AJAXSearch: crawling, indexing and searching web 2.0 applications.
ManyAspects: a system for highlighting diverse concepts in documents.
XTreeNet: democratic community search.
An effective and versatile keyword search engine on heterogenous data sources.
DBPubs: multidimensional exploration of database publications.
Semandaq: a data quality system based on conditional functional dependencies.
RIDE: a tool for interactive source registration in community-oriented information integration.
Comparing and evaluating mapping systems with STBenchmark.
Ad-hoc data processing in the cloud.
Large-scale collaborative analysis and extraction of web data.
Making SENSE: socially enhanced search and exploration.
AuditGuard: a system for database auditing under retention restrictions.
QueryScope: visualizing queries for repeatable database tuning.
When is it time to rethink the aggregate configuration of your OLAP server?
H-store: a high-performance, distributed main memory transaction processing system.
Organizing and indexing non-convex regions.
Capri/MR: exploring protein databases from a structural and physicochemical point of view.
C-DEM: a multi-modal query system for Drosophila Embryo databases.
Querying and monitoring distributed business processes.
A first tutorial on dataspaces.
Ontologies and databases: myths and challenges.
Systems aspects of probabilistic data management.
A revival of integrity constraints for data cleaning.
XML Structural Summaries.
Scheduling continuous queries in data stream management systems.
Detecting clusters in moderate-to-high dimensional data: subspace clustering, pattern-based clustering, and correlation clustering.
Finding frequent items in data streams.
Querying and mining of time series data: experimental comparison of representations and distance measures.
Column-store support for RDF data management: not all swans are white.
Prefix based numbering schemes for XML: techniques, applications and performances.
A benchmark for evaluating moving object indexes.
Dwarfs in the rearview mirror: how big are they really?
Challenges and techniques for effective and efficient similarity search in large video databases.
Studying interaction methodologies in video retrieval.
Mining patterns and rules for software specification discovery.
Towards efficient main-memory use for optimum tree index update.
Implementing filesystems by tree-aware DBMSs.
Adaptive workflow scheduling under resource allocation constraints and network dynamics.
Privacy preserving document indexing infrastructure for a distributed environment.
GS-TMS: a global stream-based threat monitor system.
Incompleteness in information integration.
Querying web-based applications under models of uncertainty.
XML-document-filtering automaton.
Community-driven data grids.
167
Believe It or Not: Adding Belief Annotations to Databases.
Similarity Search on Bregman Divergence: Towards Non-Metric Indexing.
Comparing Stars: On Approximating Graph Edit Distance.
Indexing Boolean Expressions.
Scalable Delivery of Stream Query Results.
Schema-Based Independence Analysis for XML Updates.
Tagging Stream Data for Rich Real-Time Services.
Randomized Multi-pass Streaming Skyline Algorithms.
Managing Massive Time Series Streams with MultiScale Compressed Trickles.
Promotion Analysis in Multi-Dimensional Space.
Measure-driven Keyword-Query Expansion.
Using Trees to Depict a Forest.
Online Piece-wise Linear Approximation of Numerical Streams with Precision Guarantees.
A Wavelet Transform for Efficient Consolidation of Sensor Relations with Quality Guarantees.
Enabling epsilon-Approximate Querying in Sensor Networks.
HAMSTER: Using Search Clicklogs for Schema and Taxonomy Matching.
Cooperative Update Exchange in the Youtopia System.
Reference-Based Alignment in Large Sequence Databases.
Thread Cooperation in Multicore Architectures for Frequency Counting over Multiple Data Streams.
Streams on Wires - A Query Compiler for FPGAs.
On-the-fly Progress Detection in Iterative Stream Queries.
Consistency Rationing in the Cloud: Pay only when it matters.
Locking Key Ranges with Unbundled Transaction Services.
A Scalable, Predictable Join Operator for Highly Concurrent Data Warehouses.
Answering Table Augmentation Queries from Unstructured Lists on the Web.
Efficient Rewriting of XPath Queries Using Query Set Specifications.
Structured Search Result Differentiation.
A Hierarchical Approach to Model Web Query Interfaces for Web Source Integration.
Efficient Retrieval of the Top-k Most Relevant Spatial Web Objects.
Stop Word and Related Problems in Web Interface Integration.
Lazy-Adaptive Tree: An Optimized Index Structure for Flash Devices.
MCC-DB: Minimizing Cache Conflicts in Multi-core Processors for Databases.
SIMD-Scan: Ultra Fast in-Memory Table Scan using on-Chip Vector Processing Units.
Mining Document Collections to Facilitate Accurate Approximate Entity Matching.
Reasoning about Record Matching Rules.
Turbo-Charging Estimate Convergence in DBO.
Composable, Scalable, and Accurate Weight Summarization of Unaggregated Data Sets.
Distributed Online Aggregation.
A Recall-Based Cluster Formation Game in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Quantifying Isolation Anomalies.
Improving OLTP Scalability using Speculative Lock Inheritance.
Segment-based recovery: Write ahead logging revisited.
A Unified Approach to Ranking in Probabilistic Databases.
Learning String Transformations From Examples.
Probabilistic Histograms for Probabilistic Data.
Autocompletion for Mashups.
Integrating Conflicting Data: The Role of Source Dependence.
Truth Discovery and Copying Detection in a Dynamic World.
Sequential Dependencies.
SHARC: Framework for Quality-Conscious Web Archiving.
Modeling and Querying Possible Repairs in Duplicate Detection.
Discovering Relative Importance of Skyline Attributes.
A Particle-and-Density Based Evolutionary Clustering Method for Dynamic Networks.
Summarizing Relational Databases.
Coordinated Weighted Sampling for Estimating Aggregates Over Multiple Weight Assignments.
Power-Law Based Estimation of Set Similarity Join Size.
Optimality and Scalability in Lattice Histogram Construction.
Adaptively Parallelizing Distributed Range Queries.
Mining Tree-Structured Data on Multicore Systems.
Predictable Performance for Unpredictable Workloads.
Graph Clustering Based on Structural/Attribute Similarities.
Output Space Sampling for Graph Patterns.
Mining Graph Patterns Efficiently via Randomized Summaries.
Group Recommendation: Semantics and Efficiency.
Class-based graph anonymization for social network data.
Improved Search for Socially Annotated Data.
Data Publishing against Realistic Adversaries.
Scalable Verification for Outsourced Dynamic Databases.
Optimal Random Perturbation at Multiple Privacy Levels.
Anticipatory DTW for Efficient Similarity Search in Time Series Databases.
Improving the Performance of List Intersection.
Consistent Histograms In The Presence of Distinct Value Counts.
GConnect: A Connectivity Index for Massive Disk-resident Graphs.
A Shared Execution Strategy for Multiple Pattern Mining Requests over Streaming Data.
DistanceJoin: Pattern Match Query In a Large Graph Database.
Creating Competitive Products.
Data Processing on FPGAs.
HadoopDB: An Architectural Hybrid of MapReduce and DBMS Technologies for Analytical Workloads.
Anonymization of Set-Valued Data via Top-Down, Local Generalization.
K-Automorphism: A General Framework For Privacy Preserving Network Publication.
Distribution-based Microdata Anonymization.
On Chase Termination Beyond Stratification.
Preventing Bad Plans by Bounding the Impact of Cardinality Estimation Errors.
Exact Cardinality Query Optimization for Optimizer Testing.
Laconic Schema Mappings: Computing the Core with SQL Queries.
Inverting Schema Mappings: Bridging the Gap between Theory and Practice.
Full-Fidelity Flexible Object-Oriented XML Access.
Privacy-Aware Mobile Services over Road Networks.
A Fair Assignment Algorithm for Multiple Preference Queries.
Pangea: An Eager Database Replication Middleware guaranteeing Snapshot Isolation without Modification of Database Servers.
Harvesting Relational Tables from Lists on the Web.
Data Integration for the Relational Web.
Normalization and Optimization of Schema Mappings.
Continuous Monitoring of Nearest Neighbors on Land Surface.
Efficient Method for Maximizing Bichromatic Reverse Nearest Neighbor.
Lazy Updates: An Efficient Technique to Continuously Monitoring Reverse kNN.
NEAR-Miner: Mining Evolution Associations of Web Site Directories for Efficient Maintenance of Web Archives.
An Audit Environment for Outsourcing of Frequent Itemset Mining.
Publishing Naive Bayesian Classifiers: Privacy without Accuracy Loss.
Workload-Aware Indexing of Continuously Moving Objects.
Effectively Indexing Uncertain Moving Objects for Predictive Queries.
Path Oracles for Spatial Networks.
Correlation Maps: A Compressed Access Method for Exploiting Soft Functional Dependencies.
Index Interactions in Physical Design Tuning: Modeling, Analysis, and Applications.
Tuning Database Configuration Parameters with iTuned.
An Evaluation of Checkpoint Recovery for Massively Multiplayer Online Games.
Evaluating Clustering in Subspace Projections of High Dimensional Data.
Framework for Evaluating Clustering Algorithms in Duplicate Detection.
Declarative Database Management in SQLServer.
StatAdvisor: Recommending Statistical Views.
An Object Placement Advisor for DB2 Using Solid State Storage.
XPEDIA: XML ProcEssing for Data IntegrAtion.
XQuery Reloaded.
Binary XML Storage and Query Processing in Oracle 11g.
Enhanced Subquery Optimizations in Oracle.
Sort vs. Hash Revisited: Fast Join Implementation on Modern Multi-Core CPUs.
Efficient Outer Join Data Skew Handling in Parallel DBMS.
SQL/MapReduce: A practical approach to self-describing, polymorphic, and parallelizable user-defined functions.
Building a HighLevel Dataflow System on top of MapReduce: The Pig Experience.
PLANET: Massively Parallel Learning of Tree Ensembles with MapReduce.
Robust Distributed Top-N Frequent Pattern Mining Using the SAP BW Accelerator.
1, 000 Tables Inside the From.
Efficient Index Compression in DB2 LUW.
Storing Scientific Workflows in a Database.
MAD Skills: New Analysis Practices for Big Data.
DBLP - Some Lessons Learned.
Oracle SecureFiles: Prepared for the Digital Deluge.
Scalable Web Data Extraction for Online Market Intelligence.
Kosmix: High-Performance Topic Exploration using the Deep Web.
Query Mesh: Multi-Route Query Processing Technology.
A Demonstration of SciDB: A Science-Oriented DBMS.
MOIR/MT: Monitoring Large-Scale Road Network Traffic in Real-Time.
Oracle Database Replay.
DIADS: A Problem Diagnosis Tool for Databases and Storage Area Networks.
Artemis: A System for Analyzing Missing Answers.
Demonstration of the TrajStore System.
Microsoft CEP Server and Online Behavioral Targeting.
A Testbed for Managing Dynamic Mixed Workloads.
DBToaster: A SQL Compiler for High-Performance Delta Processing in Main-Memory Databases.
ANGIE: Active Knowledge for Interactive Exploration.
Comparative evaluation of entity resolution approaches with FEVER.
RankIE: Document Retrieval on Ranked Entity Graphs.
Concise and Expressive Mappings with +Spicy.
AgreementMaker: Efficient Matching for Large Real-World Schemas and Ontologies.
Linkage Query Writer.
SMDM: Enhancing Enterprise-Wide Master Data Management Using Semantic Web Technologies.
IBM UFO Repository.
Mashup by Surfing a Web of Data APIs.
DEMo: Data Exchange Modeling Tool.
Lahar Demonstration: Warehousing Markovian Streams.
WOLVES: Achieving Correct Provenance Analysis by Detecting and Resolving Unsound Workflow Views.
TIAMAT: a Tool for Interactive Analysis of Microdata Anonymization Techniques.
iNextCube: Information Network-Enhanced Text Cube.
Hive - A Warehousing Solution Over a Map-Reduce Framework.
Tolkien: An Event Based Storytelling System.
Enabling social networking in ad hoc networks of mobile phones.
PDiffView: Viewing the Difference in Provenance of Workflow Results.
Goal-Oriented Web-site Navigation for On-line Shoppers.
Answering Web Questions Using Structured Data - Dream or Reality?
How Best to Build Web-Scale Data Managers? A Panel Discussion.
Database Architecture Evolution: Mammals Flourished long before Dinosaurs became Extinct.
Data fusion - Resolving Data Conflicts for Integration.
Data visualization & social data analysis.
Keyword querying and Ranking in Databases.
Efficient Approximate Search on String Collections.
Information Theory For Data Management.
Column oriented Database Systems.
177
Enabling Real Time Data Analysis.
High-End Biological Imaging Generates Very Large 3D+ and Dynamic Datasets.
Dealing with Web Data: History and Look ahead.
Database Replication: a Tale of Research across Communities.
Building Disclosure Risk Aware Query Optimizers for Relational Databases.
Secure Personal Data Servers: a Vision Paper.
PolicyReplay: Misconfiguration-Response Queries for Data Breach Reporting.
Schism: a Workload-Driven Approach to Database Replication and Partitioning.
Ten Thousand SQLs: Parallel Keyword Queries Computing.
The Case for Determinism in Database Systems.
MapMerge: Correlating Independent Schema Mappings.
Chase Termination: A Constraints Rewriting Approach.
Scalable Data Exchange with Functional Dependencies.
Interactive Route Search in the Presence of Order Constraints.
Energy Management for MapReduce Clusters.
Toward Scalable Keyword Search over Relational Data.
From Regular Expressions to Nested Words: Unifying Languages and Query Execution for Relational and XML Sequences.
Avalanche-Safe LINQ Compilation.
Towards Certain Fixes with Editing Rules and Master Data.
Explaining Missing Answers to SPJUA Queries.
Sampling the Repairs of Functional Dependency Violations under Hard Constraints.
Evaluating Entity Resolution Results.
High-Performance Dynamic Pattern Matching over Disordered Streams.
SECRET: A Model for Analysis of the Execution Semantics of Stream Processing Systems.
Recognizing Patterns in Streams with Imprecise Timestamps.
x-RDF-3X: Fast Querying, High Update Rates, and Consistency for RDF Databases.
Graph Pattern Matching: From Intractable to Polynomial Time.
GRAIL: Scalable Reachability Index for Large Graphs.
HaLoop: Efficient Iterative Data Processing on Large Clusters.
The Impact of Virtual Views on Containment.
Updatable and Evolvable Transforms for Virtual Databases.
Navigating in Complex Mashed-Up Applications.
Dremel: Interactive Analysis of Web-Scale Datasets.
On Graph Query Optimization in Large Networks.
Proximity Rank Join.
Identifying the Most Influential Data Objects with Reverse Top-k Queries.
Retrieving Top-k Prestige-Based Relevant Spatial Web Objects.
Parsimonious Linear Fingerprinting for Time Series.
The HV-tree: a Memory Hierarchy Aware Version Index.
Transforming Range Queries To Equivalent Box Queries To Optimize Page Access.
Record Linkage with Uniqueness Constraints and Erroneous Values.
On-the-Fly Entity-Aware Query Processing in the Presence of Linkage.
Behavior Based Record Linkage.
iGraph: A Framework for Comparisons of Disk-Based Graph Indexing Techniques.
Runtime Measurements in the Cloud: Observing, Analyzing, and Reducing Variance.
The Performance of MapReduce: An In-depth Study.
Evaluation of entity resolution approaches on real-world match problems.
MRShare: Sharing Across Multiple Queries in MapReduce.
Towards Elastic Transactional Cloud Storage with Range Query Support.
Hadoop++: Making a Yellow Elephant Run Like a Cheetah (Without It Even Noticing).
Slicing Long-Running Queries.
Sharing-Aware Horizontal Partitioning for Exploiting Correlations During Query Processing.
Advanced Processing for Ontological Queries.
Towards The Web of Concepts: Extracting Concepts from Large Datasets.
Exploiting Content Redundancy for Web Information Extraction.
Automatic Rule Refinement for Information Extraction.
Embellishing Text Search Queries To Protect User Privacy.
Small Domain Randomization: Same Privacy, More Utility.
Nearest Neighbor Search with Strong Location Privacy.
UPI: A Primary Index for Uncertain Databases.
Ranking Continuous Probabilistic Datasets.
Set Similarity Join on Probabilistic Data.
Complex Event Detection at Wire Speed with FPGAs.
Database Compression on Graphics Processors.
Aether: A Scalable Approach to Logging.
Scalable Discovery of Best Clusters on Large Graphs.
An Architecture for Parallel Topic Models.
Keyword++: A Framework to Improve Keyword Search Over Entity Databases.
Swarm: Mining Relaxed Temporal Moving Object Clusters.
An Adaptive Updating Protocol for Reducing Moving Object Databases Workload.
Shortest Path Computation on Air Indexes.
Efficient and Effective Similarity Search over Probabilistic Data based on Earth Mover's Distance.
Probabilistic XML via Markov Chains.
MCDB-R: Risk Analysis in the Database.
Scalable Probabilistic Databases with Factor Graphs and MCMC.
On Multi-Column Foreign Key Discovery.
Explore or Exploit? Effective Strategies for Disambiguating Large Databases.
Building Ranked Mashups of Unstructured Sources with Uncertain Information.
Computing Closed Skycubes.
Generating Databases for Query Workloads.
Processing Top-k Join Queries.
Two-way Replacement Selection.
XPath Whole Query Optimization.
Fast Optimal Twig Joins.
Destabilizers and Independence of XML Updates.
Searching Workflows with Hierarchical Views.
Data-Oriented Transaction Execution.
Optimal Top-K Query Evaluation for Weighted Business Processes.
Behavioral Simulations in MapReduce.
A*-tree: A Structure for Storage and Modeling of Uncertain Multidimensional Arrays.
On Dense Pattern Mining in Graph Streams.
Efficient Proximity Detection among Mobile Users via Self-Tuning Policies.
k-Nearest Neighbors in Uncertain Graphs.
Mining Significant Semantic Locations From GPS Data.
Boosting the Accuracy of Differentially Private Histograms Through Consistency.
rho-uncertainty: Inference-Proof Transaction Anonymization.
Minimizing Minimality and Maximizing Utility: Analyzing Method-based attacks on Anonymized Data.
Querying Probabilistic Information Extraction.
Read-Once Functions and Query Evaluation in Probabilistic Databases.
Foundations of Uncertain-Data Integration.
Identifying, Attributing and Describing Spatial Bursts.
CORADD: Correlation Aware Database Designer for Materialized Views and Indexes.
Regret-Minimizing Representative Databases.
An Access Cost-Aware Approach for Object Retrieval over Multiple Sources.
On the Stability of Plan Costs and the Costs of Plan Stability.
Xplus: A SQL-Tuning-Aware Query Optimizer.
Graph Homomorphism Revisited for Graph Matching.
SigMatch: Fast and Scalable Multi-Pattern Matching.
SAPPER: Subgraph Indexing and Approximate Matching in Large Graphs.
Tree Indexing on Solid State Drives.
Efficient B-tree Based Indexing for Cloud Data Processing.
Trie-Join: Efficient Trie-based String Similarity Joins with Edit-Distance Constraints.
VoR-Tree: R-trees with Voronoi Diagrams for Efficient Processing of Spatial Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Efficient RkNN Retrieval with Arbitrary Non-Metric Similarity Measures.
Efficient Skyline Evaluation over Partially Ordered Domains.
Achieving High Output Quality under Limited Resources through Structure-based Spilling in XML Streams.
Dynamic Join Optimization in Multi-Hop Wireless Sensor Networks.
Database-support for Continuous Prediction Queries over Streaming Data.
Conditioning and Aggregating Uncertain Data Streams: Going Beyond Expectations.
TRAMP: Understanding the Behavior of Schema Mappings through Provenance.
Entity Resolution with Evolving Rules.
Annotating and Searching Web Tables Using Entities, Types and Relationships.
Interesting-Phrase Mining for Ad-Hoc Text Analytics.
Global Detection of Complex Copying Relationships Between Sources.
Fragments and Loose Associations: Respecting Privacy in Data Publishing.
Net-Fli: On-the-fly Compression, Archiving and Indexing of Streaming Network Traffic.
From a Stream of Relational Queries to Distributed Stream Processing.
UASMAs: a set of algorithms to instantaneously map SNPs in real time to aid functional SNP discovery.
FlashStore: High Throughput Persistent Key-Value Store.
MEET DB2: Automated Database Migration Evaluation.
SSD Bufferpool Extensions for Database Systems.
DataGarage: Warehousing Massive Performance Data on Commodity Servers.
Cheetah: A High Performance, Custom Data Warehouse on Top of MapReduce.
Distance-Based Outlier Detection: Consolidation and Renewed Bearing.
Adaptive Logging for Mobile Device.
RoadTrack: Scaling Location Updates for Mobile Clients on Road Networks with Query Awareness.
Confucius and Its Intelligent Disciples: Integrating Social with Search.
The Picasso Database Query Optimizer Visualizer.
CODS: Evolving Data Efficiently and Scalably in Column Oriented Databases.
Efficient Event Processing through Reconfigurable Hardware for Algorithmic Trading.
CareDB: A Context and Preference-Aware Location-Based Database System.
Cloudy: A Modular Cloud Storage System.
Geospatial Stream Query Processing using Microsoft SQL Server StreamInsight.
Using XMorph to Transform XML Data.
Active Complex Event Processing: Applications in Real-Time Health Care.
Thirteen New Players in the Team: A Ferry-based LINQ to SQL Provider.
AXART - Enabling Collaborative Work with AXML Artifacts.
iFlow: An Approach for Fast and Reliable Internet-Scale Stream Processing Utilizing Detouring and Replication.
Peer coordination through distributed triggers.
Seaform: Search-As-You-Type in Forms.
TimeTrails: A System for Exploring Spatio-Temporal Information in Documents.
QUICK: Expressive and Flexible Search over Knowledge Bases and Text Collections.
Transforming XML Documents as Schemas Evolve.
XSACT: A Comparison Tool for Structured Search Results.
ObjectRunner: Lightweight, Targeted Extraction and Querying of Structured Web Data.
ROXXI: Reviving witness dOcuments to eXplore eXtracted Information.
EXTRUCT: Using Deep Structural Information in XML Keyword Search.
SQL QueRIE Recommendations.
P2PDocTagger: Content management through automated P2P collaborative tagging.
InZeit: Efficiently Identifying Insightful Time Points.
iAVATAR: An Interactive Tool for Finding and Visualizing Visual-Representative Tags in Image Search.
Deep Web Integration with VisQI.
SOLOMON: Seeking the Truth Via Copying Detection.
Just-in-time Data Integration in Action.
Massively Parallel Data Analysis with PACTs on Nephele.
Using Sentinel Technology in the TARGIT BI Suite.
CoDA: Interactive Cluster Based Concept Discovery.
Keymantic: Semantic Keyword-based Searching in Data Integration Systems.
Data Auditor: Exploring Data Quality and Semantics using Pattern Tableaux.
Distributed Caching Platforms.
Big Data and Cloud Computing: New Wine or just New Bottles?.
Techniques for Similarity Searching in Multimedia Databases.
Event Processing - past, present and future.
Similarity Search and Mining in Uncertain Databases.
Data Management and Mining in Internet Ad Systems.
Cloud Databases: What's New?
Time for Our Field to Grow Up.
174
Letter from the Editor-in-Chief.
Generating Efficient Execution Plans for Vertically Partitioned XML Databases.
A Generic Framework for Handling Uncertain Data with Local Correlations.
SnipSuggest: Context-Aware Autocompletion for SQL.
The Complexity of Causality and Responsibility for Query Answers and non-Answers.
Letter from the General PC Co-Chair.
Distributed Threshold Querying of General Functions by a Difference of Monotonic Representation.
On Triangulation-based Dense Neighborhood Graphs Discovery.
Graph Indexing of Road Networks for Shortest Path Queries with Label Restrictions.
CRIUS: User-Friendly Database Design.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Spatial Preference Queries.
HYRISE - A Main Memory Hybrid Storage Engine.
Update Rewriting and Integrity Constraint Maintenance in a Schema Evolution Support System: PRISM++.
SXPath - Extending XPath towards Spatial Querying on Web Documents.
Personalized Privacy Protection in Social Networks.
Letter from the VLDB2011 General PC Co-Chair.
A Probabilistic Approach for Automatically Filling Form-Based Web Interfaces.
Output URL Bidding.
Fast Incremental and Personalized PageRank.
QSkycube: Efficient Skycube Computation using Point-Based Space Partitioning.
ZINC: Efficient Indexing for Skyline Computation.
Letter from the Research Track Co-Chair.
Large-Scale Collective Entity Matching.
Automatic Wrappers for Large Scale Web Extraction.
Fast Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication on GPUs: Implications for Graph Mining.
Using Paxos to Build a Scalable, Consistent, and Highly Available Datastore.
Fast Set Intersection in Memory.
Letter from the VLDB 2011 Research Track Co-Chair.
Human-assisted graph search: it's okay to ask questions.
Guided data repair.
Hyper-local, directions-based ranking of places.
Incrementally maintaining classification using an RDBMS.
High-throughput transaction executions on graphics processors.
Distributed inference and query processing for RFID tracking and monitoring.
Letter from the Research Track Co-Chair.
Similarity Join Size Estimation using Locality Sensitive Hashing.
Query Expansion Based on Clustered Results.
CoPhy: A Scalable, Portable, and Interactive Index Advisor for Large Workloads.
Tuffy: Scaling up Statistical Inference in Markov Logic Networks using an RDBMS.
Automatic Optimization for MapReduce Programs.
On Social-Temporal Group Query with Acquaintance Constraint.
Letter from the VLDB Proceedings Chair.
Synthesizing Products for Online Catalogs.
Column-Oriented Storage Techniques for MapReduce.
Implementing Performance Competitive Logical Recovery.
Personalized Social Recommendations - Accurate or Private?
Efficient Diversification of Web Search Results.
Social Content Matching in MapReduce.
Efficient Parallel Lists Intersection and Index Compression Algorithms using Graphics Processing Units.
gStore: Answering SPARQL Queries via Subgraph Matching.
Albatross: Lightweight Elasticity in Shared Storage Databases for the Cloud using Live Data Migration.
An Incremental Hausdorff Distance Calculation Algorithm.
Surrogate Parenthood: Protected and Informative Graphs.
Letter from the VLDB 2011 Research Track Co-Chair.
Recovering Semantics of Tables on the Web.
Efficiently Compiling Efficient Query Plans for Modern Hardware.
Distance-Constraint Reachability Computation in Uncertain Graphs.
iCBS: Incremental Costbased Scheduling under Piecewise Linear SLAs.
CoHadoop: Flexible Data Placement and Its Exploitation in Hadoop.
Merging What's Cracked, Cracking What's Merged: Adaptive Indexing in Main-Memory Column-Stores.
Letter from the VLDB 2011 Proceedings Chair.
On Pruning for Top-K Ranking in Uncertain Databases.
PLP: Page Latch-free Shared-everything OLTP.
Entity Matching: How Similar Is Similar.
Active Complex Event Processing over Event Streams.
Structural Trend Analysis for Online Social Networks.
Compression Aware Physical Database Design.
Efficient Probabilistic Reverse Nearest Neighbor Query Processing on Uncertain Data.
Keyword Search in Graphs: Finding r-cliques.
Towards a Global Brain.
Is It Still "Big Data" If It Fits In My Pocket?
Generic Schema Matching, Ten Years Later.
A Framework for Supporting DBMS-like Indexes in the Cloud.
On Link-based Similarity Join.
On Querying Historical Evolving Graph Sequences.
RemusDB: Transparent High Availability for Database Systems.
Completeness of Queries over Incomplete Databases.
A Subsequence Matching with Gaps-Range-Tolerances Framework: A Query-By-Humming Application.
Approximate Substring Matching over Uncertain Strings.
Serializable Snapshot Isolation for Replicated Databases in High-Update Scenarios.
PALM: Parallel Architecture-Friendly Latch-Free Modifications to B+ Trees on Many-Core Processors.
Mining Top-K Large Structural Patterns in a Massive Network.
Structure-Aware Sampling: Flexible and Accurate Summarization.
Data Coordination: Supporting Contingent Updates.
Accelerating Queries with Group-By and Join by Groupjoin.
Lightweight Graphical Models for Selectivity Estimation Without Independence Assumptions.
Dissemination of Models over Time-Varying Data.
Efficient Subgraph Search over Large Uncertain Graphs.
Entangled Transactions.
Summary Graphs for Relational Database Schemas.
RecBench: Benchmarks for Evaluating Performance of Recommender System Architectures.
Business Policy Modeling and Enforcement in Databases.
Online Data Fusion.
Optimistic Concurrency Control by Melding Trees.
Linking Temporal Records.
Efficient Algorithms for Finding Optimal Meeting Point on Road Networks.
Optimal Schemes for Robust Web Extraction.
PathSim: Meta Path-Based Top-K Similarity Search in Heterogeneous Information Networks.
Optimizing Query Answering under Ontological Constraints.
OXPath: A Language for Scalable, Memory-efficient Data Extraction from Web Applications.
Optimizing and Parallelizing Ranked Enumeration.
Where in the World is My Data?
Queries with Difference on Probabilistic Databases.
MRI: Meaningful Interpretations of Collaborative Ratings.
Storing Matrices on Disk: Theory and Practice Revisited.
Publishing Set-Valued Data via Differential Privacy.
Randomized Generalization for Aggregate Suppression Over Hidden Web Databases.
Profiling, What-if Analysis, and Cost-based Optimization of MapReduce Programs.
Scalable SPARQL Querying of Large RDF Graphs.
Online Aggregation for Large MapReduce Jobs.
Private Analysis of Graph Structure.
Stratification Criteria and Rewriting Techniques for Checking Chase Termination.
Optimizing Probabilistic Query Processing on Continuous Uncertain Data.
Massive Scale-out of Expensive Continuous Queries.
Keyword Search on Form Results.
Efficient Rank Join with Aggregation Constraints.
Evaluation Strategies for Top-k Queries over Memory-Resident Inverted Indexes.
Consistent Synchronization Schemes for Workload Replay.
Inspector Gadget: A Framework for Custom Monitoring and Debugging of Distributed Dataflows.
Online Expansion of Largescale Data Warehouses.
HIWAS: Enabling Technology for Analysis of Clinical Data in XML Documents.
Jaql: A Scripting Language for Large Scale Semistructured Data Analysis.
Auto-Grouping Emails For Faster E-Discovery.
Web Scale Taxonomy Cleansing.
Bridging Two Worlds with RICE Integrating R into the SAP In-Memory Computing Engine.
Tenzing A SQL Implementation On The MapReduce Framework.
An Algebraic Approach for Data-Centric Scientific Workflows.
Citrusleaf: A Real-Time NoSQL DB which Preserves ACID.
RAMP: A System for Capturing and Tracing Provenance in MapReduce Workflows.
BROAD: Diversified Keyword Search in Databases.
TrustedDB: A Trusted Hardware based Outsourced Database Engine.
IPL-P: In-Page Logging with PCRAM.
HyPer-sonic Combined Transaction AND Query Processing.
GrouPeer: A System for Clustering PDMSs.
CerFix: A System for Cleaning Data with Certain Fixes.
Online Visualization of Geospatial Stream Data using the WorldWide Telescope.
Debugging Data Exchange with Vagabond.
CrowdDB: Query Processing with the VLDB Crowd.
Analytics for the RealTime Web.
DivDB: A System for Diversifying Query Results.
HOMES: A Higher-Order Mapping Evaluation System.
Proactive Detection and Repair of Data Corruption: Towards a Hassle-free Declarative Approach with Amulet.
Automatic Workload Driven Index Defragmentation.
Whodunit: An Auditing Tool for Detecting Data Breaches.
EIRENE: Interactive Design and Refinement of Schema Mappings via Data Examples.
DataSynth: Generating Synthetic Data using Declarative Constraints.
InfoNetOLAPer: Integrating InfoNetWarehouse and InfoNetCube with InfoNetOLAP.
From SPARQL to MapReduce: The Journey Using a Nested TripleGroup Algebra.
FuDoCS: A Web Service Composition System Based on Fuzzy Dominance for Preference Query Answering.
A Demonstration of HYRISE - A Main Memory Hybrid Storage Engine.
++Spicy: an OpenSource Tool for Second-Generation Schema Mapping and Data Exchange.
UpStream: A Storage-centric Load Management System for Real-time Update Streams.
MapReduce Programming and Cost-based Optimization? Crossing this Chasm with Starfish.
AIDA: An Online Tool for Accurate Disambiguation of Named Entities in Text and Tables.
Microsoft Codename "Montego" - Data Import, Transformation, and Publication for Information Workers.
SocialSpamGuard: A Data Mining-Based Spam Detection System for Social Media Networks.
Resiliency-Aware Data Management.
Guided Interaction: Rethinking the Query-Result Paradigm.
Data Generation for Application-Specific Benchmarking.
The Researcher's Guide to the Data Deluge: Querying a Scientific Database in Just a Few Seconds.
Anthropocentric Data Systems.
Data Markets in the Cloud: An Opportunity for the Database Community.
Data is Dead... Without What-If Models.
Reverse Data Management.
Exploring the Coming Repositories of Reproducible Experiments: Challenges and Opportunities.
Databases will Visualize Queries too.
New Frontiers in Business Intelligence.
System Co-Design and Data Management for Flash Devices.
Exploration of Deep Web Repositories.
Crowdsourcing Applications and Platforms: A Data Management Perspective.
Graph Data Management Systems for New Application Domains.
Information Diffusion In Social Networks: Observing and Influencing Societal Interests.
Data Management for Meeting Global Health Challenges.
Panel Discussion: Maximizing Impact.
220
Letter from the Founding Editor-in-Chief.
Explanation-Based Auditing.
Human-powered Sorts and Joins.
Verifying Computations with Streaming Interactive Proofs.
A MovingObject Index for Efficient Query Processing with Peer-Wise Location Privacy.
ERA: Efficient Serial and Parallel Suffix Tree Construction for Very Long Strings.
Fast Updates on Read-Optimized Databases Using Multi-Core CPUs.
A Data-Based Approach to Social Influence Maximization.
Letter from the the Editor-in-Chief.
On Predictive Modeling for Optimizing Transaction Execution in Parallel OLTP Systems.
View Selection in Semantic Web Databases.
Building Wavelet Histograms on Large Data in MapReduce.
Summarization and Matching of Density-Based Clusters in Streaming Environments.
Multilingual Schema Matching for Wikipedia Infoboxes.
Controlling False Positives in Association Rule Mining.
Letter from the the Associate Editor.
PARIS: Probabilistic Alignment of Relations, Instances, and Schema.
Answering Top-k Queries Over a Mixture of Attractive and Repulsive Dimensions.
PIQL: Success-Tolerant Query Processing in the Cloud.
gSketch: On Query Estimation in Graph Streams.
Indexing the Earth Mover's Distance Using Normal Distributions.
Generating Exact- and Ranked Partially-Matched Answers to Questions in Advertisements.
Size-l Object Summaries for Relational Keyword Search.
REX: Explaining Relationships between Entity Pairs.
PASS-JOIN: A Partition-based Method for Similarity Joins.
Relative Lempel-Ziv Factorization for Efficient Storage and Retrieval of Web Collections.
Letter from the the Associate Editor.
Towards Cost-Effective Storage Provisioning for DBMSs.
B+-tree Index Optimization by Exploiting Internal Parallelism of Flash-based Solid State Drives.
High-Performance Concurrency Control Mechanisms for Main-Memory Databases.
Capturing Topology in Graph Pattern Matching.
Probabilistic Management of OCR Data using an RDBMS.
RTED: A Robust Algorithm for the Tree Edit Distance.
Putting Lipstick on Pig: Enabling Database-style Workflow Provenance.
Relational Approach for Shortest Path Discovery over Large Graphs.
Mining Flipping Correlations from Large Datasets with Taxonomies.
A Statistical Approach Towards Robust Progress Estimation.
Letter from the the Associate Editor.
Relation Strength-Aware Clustering of Heterogeneous Information Networks with Incomplete Attributes.
Shortest Path and Distance Queries on Road Networks: An Experimental Evaluation.
The Filter-Placement Problem and its Application to Minimizing Information Multiplicity.
Bayesian Locality Sensitive Hashing for Fast Similarity Search.
Fast and Exact Top-k Search for Random Walk with Restart.
Densest Subgraph in Streaming and MapReduce.
Mining Attribute-structure Correlated Patterns in Large Attributed Graphs.
Semi-Automatic Index Tuning: Keeping DBAs in the Loop.
Aggregation in Probabilistic Databases via Knowledge Compilation.
Letter from the the Associate Editor.
Stochastic Database Cracking: Towards Robust Adaptive Indexing in Main-Memory Column-Stores.
An Adaptive Mechanism for Accurate Query Answering under Differential Privacy.
SharedDB: Killing One Thousand Queries With One Stone.
Pushing the Boundaries of Crowd-enabled Databases with Query-driven Schema Expansion.
A Bayesian Approach to Discovering Truth from Conflicting Sources for Data Integration.
How to Price Shared Optimizations in the Cloud.
Dense Subgraph Maintenance under Streaming Edge Weight Updates for Real-time Story Identification.
ReStore: Reusing Results of MapReduce Jobs.
Letter from the the Associate Editors.
PerfXplain: Debugging MapReduce Job Performance.
Uncertain Centroid based Partitional Clustering of Uncertain Data.
Scalable K-Means++.
Querying Schemas With Access Restrictions.
Definition, Detection, and Recovery of Single-Page Failures, a Fourth Class of Database Failures.
Concurrency Control for Adaptive Indexing.
Comments on "Stack-based Algorithms for Pattern Matching on DAGs".
An Analysis of Structured Data on the Web.
Letter from the the Associate Editors.
Shortest Path Computation with No Information Leakage.
V-SMART-Join: A Scalable MapReduce Framework for All-Pair Similarity Joins of Multisets and Vectors.
Distributed GraphLab: A Framework for Machine Learning in the Cloud.
Adding Logical Operators to Tree Pattern Queries on Graph-Structured Data.
Learning Semantic String Transformations from Examples.
Cologne: A Declarative Distributed Constraint Optimization Platform.
Optimizing I/O for Big Array Analytics.
Probabilistically Bounded Staleness for Practical Partial Quorums.
Letter from the the Associate Editors.
Efficient Subgraph Matching on Billion Node Graphs.
Efficient Subgraph Similarity Search on Large Probabilistic Graph Databases.
Truss Decomposition in Massive Networks.
SEAL: Spatio-Textual Similarity Search.
On The Spatiotemporal Burstiness of Terms.
Efficient Reachability Query Evaluation in Large Spatiotemporal Contact Datasets.
Boosting Moving Object Indexing through Velocity Partitioning.
Type-Based Detection of XML Query-Update Independence.
Minuet: A Scalable Distributed Multiversion B-Tree.
Challenging the Long Tail Recommendation.
Letter from the the Associate Editors.
Answering Table Queries on the Web using Column Keywords.
Efficient Verification of Web-Content Searching Through Authenticated Web Crawlers.
SODA: Generating SQL for Business Users.
Privacy Preservation by Disassociation.
Supercharging Recommender Systems using Taxonomies for Learning User Purchase Behavior.
DBToaster: Higher-order Delta Processing for Dynamic, Frequently Fresh Views.
Real Time Discovery of Dense Clusters in Highly Dynamic Graphs: Identifying Real World Events in Highly Dynamic Environments.
Sketch-based Querying of Distributed Sliding-Window Data Streams.
LogBase: A Scalable Log-structured Database System in the Cloud.
Efficient Processing of k Nearest Neighbor Joins using MapReduce.
Early Accurate Results for Advanced Analytics on MapReduce.
CDAS: A Crowdsourcing Data Analytics System.
Mining Statistically Significant Substrings using the Chi-Square Statistic.
Massively Parallel Sort-Merge Joins in Main Memory Multi-Core Database Systems.
hStorage-DB: Heterogeneity-aware Data Management to Exploit the Full Capability of Hybrid Storage Systems.
Letter from the Editor-in-Chief.
A Scalable Algorithm for Maximizing Range Sum in Spatial Databases.
Spatial Queries with Two kNN Predicates.
Optimal Algorithms for Crawling a Hidden Database in the Web.
Diversifying Top-K Results.
Keyword-aware Optimal Route Search.
Answering Queries using Views over Probabilistic XML: Complexity and Tractability.
Probabilistic Databases with MarkoViews.
The Complexity of Social Coordination.
Efficient Multi-way Theta-Join Processing Using MapReduce.
Stubby: A Transformation-based Optimizer for MapReduce Workflows.
Labeling Workflow Views with Fine-Grained Dependencies.
Fundamentals of Order Dependencies.
FDB: A Query Engine for Factorised Relational Databases.
Optimization of Analytic Window Functions.
Opening the Black Boxes in Data Flow Optimization.
Spinning Fast Iterative Data Flows.
REX: Recursive, Delta-Based Data-Centric Computation.
K-Reach: Who is in Your Small World.
Performance Guarantees for Distributed Reachability Queries.
Efficient Indexing and Querying over Syntactically Annotated Trees.
Queries with Guarded Negation.
PrivBasis: Frequent Itemset Mining with Differential Privacy.
Low-Rank Mechanism: Optimizing Batch Queries under Differential Privacy.
Functional Mechanism: Regression Analysis under Differential Privacy.
Injecting Uncertainty in Graphs for Identity Obfuscation.
Publishing Microdata with a Robust Privacy Guarantee.
Measuring Two-Event Structural Correlations on Graphs.
Ranking Large Temporal Data.
Compacting Transactional Data in Hybrid OLTP &amp; OLAP Databases.
Processing a Trillion Cells per Mouse Click.
OLTP on Hardware Islands.
Serializability, not Serial: Concurrency Control and Availability in Multi-Datacenter Datastores.
Automatic Partitioning of Database Applications.
CrowdER: Crowdsourcing Entity Resolution.
Whom to Ask? Jury Selection for Decision Making Tasks on Micro-blog Services.
ALAE: Accelerating Local Alignment with Affine Gap Exactly in Biosequence Databases.
sDTW: Computing DTW Distances using Locally Relevant Constraints based on Salient Feature Alignments.
SCOUT: Prefetching for Latent Feature Following Queries.
Accelerating Pathology Image Data Cross-Comparison on CPU-GPU Hybrid Systems.
Robust Estimation of Resource Consumption for SQL Queries using Statistical Techniques.
Who Tags What? An Analysis Framework.
A Generic Framework for Efficient and Effective Subsequence Retrieval.
Only Aggressive Elephants are Fast Elephants.
Multiple Location Profiling for Users and Relationships from Social Network and Content.
Flash-based Extended Cache for Higher Throughput and Faster Recovery.
Don't Thrash: How to Cache Your Hash on Flash.
Learning Expressive Linkage Rules using Genetic Programming.
Mining Frequent Itemsets over Uncertain Databases.
Uncertain Time-Series Similarity: Return to the Basics.
Statistical Distortion: Consequences of Data Cleaning.
Towards Energy-Efficient Database Cluster Design.
Welcome Message from the VLDB 2012 General Chairs.
Message from the VLDB 2012 General Program Chair.
Data Management on the Spatial Web.
Data Analytics Opportunities in a Smarter Planet.
Challenges in Economic Massive Content Storage and Management (MCSAM) in the Era of Self-Organizing, Self-Expanding and Self-Linking Data Clusters.
Approximate Frequency Counts over Data Streams.
The MADlib Analytics Library or MAD Skills, the SQL.
Can the Elephants Handle the NoSQL Onslaught?
Solving Big Data Challenges for Enterprise Application Performance Management.
M3R: Increased performance for in-memory Hadoop jobs.
A Storage Advisor for Hybrid-Store Databases.
From Cooperative Scans to Predictive Buffer Management.
The Unified Logging Infrastructure for Data Analytics at Twitter.
Transaction Log Based Application Error Recovery and Point In-Time Query.
The Vertica Analytic Database: C-Store 7 Years Later .
Interactive Analytical Processing in Big Data Systems: A Cross-Industry Study of MapReduce Workloads.
Muppet: MapReduce-Style Processing of Fast Data.
Building User-defined Runtime Adaptation Routines for Stream Processing Applications.
MOIST: A Scalable and Parallel Moving Object Indexer with School Tracking .
Serializable Snapshot Isolation in PostgreSQL.
Exploiting Evidence from Unstructured Data to Enhance Master Data Management.
Avatara: OLAP for Web-scale Analytics Products.
Dedoop: Efficient Deduplication with Hadoop.
MapReduce-based Dimensional ETL Made Easy.
CloudVista: Interactive and Economical Visual Cluster Analysis for Big Data in the Cloud.
Myriad: Scalable and Expressive Data Generation.
A Demonstration of DBWipes: Clean as You Query.
ASTERIX: An Open Source System for "Big Data" Management and Analysis.
Blink and It's Done: Interactive Queries on Very Large Data.
Massive Genomic Data Processing and Deep Analysis.
MonetDB/DataCell: Online Analytics in a Streaming Column-Store.
SWORS: A System for the Efficient Retrieval of Relevant Spatial Web Objects.
CyLog/Crowd4U: A Declarative Platform for Complex Data-centric Crowdsourcing.
Exploiting Database Similarity Joins for Metric Spaces.
Stethoscope: A platform for interactive visual analysis of query execution plans .
Hum-a-song: A Subsequence Matching with Gaps-Range-Tolerances Query-By-Humming System.
SkewTune in Action: Mitigating Skew in MapReduce Applications.
Playful Query Specification with DataPlay.
NoDB in Action: Adaptive Query Processing on Raw Data.
Complex Preference Queries Supporting Spatial Applications for User Groups.
Demonstration of the FDB Query Engine for Factorised Databases.
PET: Reducing Database Energy Cost via Query Optimization.
SPAM: A SPARQL Analysis and Manipulation Tool.
QueryMarket Demonstration: Pricing for Online Data Markets.
DISKs: A System for Distributed Spatial Group Keyword Search on Road Networks.
WETSUIT: An Efficient Mashup Tool for Searching and Fusing Web Entities.
Model-based Integration of Past &amp; Future in TimeTravel.
DrillBeyond: Enabling Business Analysts to Explore the Web of Open Data.
Discovering and Exploring Relations on the Web.
MapRat: Meaningful Explanation, Interactive Exploration and Geo-Visualization of Collaborative Ratings.
Deco: A System for Declarative Crowdsourcing.
Developing and Analyzing XSDs through BonXai.
InfoPuzzle: Exploring Group Decision Making in Mobile Peer-to-Peer Databases.
Manage and Query Generic Moving Objects in SECONDO.
Chronos: Facilitating History Discovery by Linking Temporal Records.
TELEIOS: A Database-Powered Virtual Earth Observatory.
Efficient Big Data Processing in Hadoop MapReduce.
MapReduce Algorithms for Big Data Analysis.
Entity Resolution: Theory, Practice &amp; Open Challenges.
I/O Characteristics of NoSQL Databases.
Mining Knowledge from Interconnected Data: A Heterogeneous Information Network Analysis Approach.
Understanding and Managing Cascades on Large Graphs.
Interoperability in eHealth Systems (Invited Tutorial).
Secure and Privacy-Preserving Data Services in the Cloud: A Data Centric View .
Graph Synopses, Sketches, and Streams: A Survey.
Challenges and Opportunities with Big Data.
Social Networks and Mobility in the Cloud.
236
Spatio-textual similarity joins.
DisC diversity: result diversification based on dissimilarity and coverage.
On differentially private frequent itemset mining.
Less is More: Selecting Sources Wisely for Integration.
Distributed Time-aware Provenance.
Query Processing under GLAV Mappings for Relational and Graph Databases.
Computing Immutable Regions for Subspace Top-k Queries.
Large Scale Cohesive Subgraphs Discovery for Social Network Visual Analysis.
Truth Finding on the Deep Web: Is the Problem Solved?
Counting with the Crowd.
ClouDiA: A Deployment Advisor for Public Clouds.
An In-depth Comparison of Subgraph Isomorphism Algorithms in Graph Databases.
Lightweight Locking for Main Memory Database Systems.
Lightweight Privacy-Preserving Peer-to-Peer Data Integration.
Memory Efficient Minimum Substring Partitioning.
NeMa: Fast Graph Search with Label Similarity.
PARAS: A Parameter Space Framework for Online Association Mining.
Actively Soliciting Feedback for Query Answers in Keyword Search-Based Data Integration.
Spatial Keyword Query Processing: An Experimental Evaluation.
Partitioning and Ranking Tagged Data Sources.
Efficient Implementation of Generalized Quantification in Relational Query Languages.
DAX: A Widely Distributed Multi-tenant Storage Service for DBMS Hosting.
A Distributed Graph Engine for Web Scale RDF Data.
Upper and Lower Bounds on the Cost of a Map-Reduce Computation.
Processing Analytical Queries over Encrypted Data.
Practical Differential Privacy via Grouping and Smoothing.
On Scaling Up Sensitive Data Auditing.
XORing Elephants: Novel Erasure Codes for Big Data.
Scaling Factorization Machines to Relational Data.
Question Selection for Crowd Entity Resolution.
A Comparison of Knives for Bread Slicing.
Efficient Error-tolerant Query Autocompletion.
Top-k Publish-Subscribe for Social Annotation of News.
Efficient Querying of Inconsistent Databases with Binary Integer Programming.
Piggybacking on Social Networks.
Schema Extraction for Tabular Data on the Web.
Streaming Algorithms for k-core Decomposition.
Discovering Linkage Points over Web Data.
IS-LABEL: an Independent-Set based Labeling Scheme for Point-to-Point Distance Querying.
Supporting User-Defined Functions on Uncertain Data.
Incremental and Accuracy-Aware Personalized PageRank through Scheduled Approximation.
Efficient SimRank-based Similarity Join Over Large Graphs.
A Performance Study of Three Disk-based Structures for Indexing and Querying Frequent Itemsets.
TripleBit: a Fast and Compact System for Large Scale RDF Data.
CorrectDB: SQL Engine with Practical Query Authentication.
Hybrid Storage Management for Database Systems.
Scorpion: Explaining Away Outliers in Aggregate Queries.
Ratio Threshold Queries over Distributed Data Sources.
On the Complexity of Query Result Diversification.
Streaming Quotient Filter: A Near Optimal Approximate Duplicate Detection Approach for Data Streams.
On Repairing Structural Problems In Semi-structured Data.
A Distributed Algorithm for Large-Scale Generalized Matching.
The LLUNATIC Data-Cleaning Framework.
Sharing Data and Work Across Concurrent Analytical Queries.
Skyline Operator on Anti-correlated Distributions.
Low-Latency Multi-Datacenter Databases using Replicated Commit.
Distribution-Based Query Scheduling.
Making Queries Tractable on Big Data with Preprocessing.
Answering Planning Queries with the Crowd.
Hardware-Oblivious Parallelism for In-Memory Column-Stores.
Permuting Data on Random-Access Block Storage.
Improving Flash Write Performance by Using Update Frequency.
Efficient Indexing for Diverse Query Results.
Reducing Uncertainty of Schema Matching via Crowdsourcing.
Travel Cost Inference from Sparse, Spatio-Temporally Correlated Time Series Using Markov Models.
Query Optimization over Crowdsourced Data.
A Data-adaptive and Dynamic Segmentation Index for Whole Matching on Time Series.
Extraction and Integration of Partially Overlapping Web Sources.
The Yin and Yang of Processing Data Warehousing Queries on GPU Devices.
Mining and Indexing Graphs for Supergraph Search.
Efficient Recovery of Missing Events.
Hadoop's Adolescence.
RACE: A Scalable and Elastic Parallel System for Discovering Repeats in Very Long Sequences.
LLAMA: A Cache/Storage Subsystem for Modern Hardware.
Revisiting Co-Processing for Hash Joins on the Coupled CPU-GPU Architecture.
Top-K Nearest Keyword Search on Large Graphs.
A General Framework for Geo-Social Query Processing.
Towards Predicting Query Execution Time for Concurrent and Dynamic Database Workloads.
Sketch-based Geometric Monitoring of Distributed Stream Queries.
Direction-Preserving Trajectory Simplification.
Continuous Cloud-Scale Query Optimization and Processing.
Optimization Strategies for A/B Testing on HADOOP.
Piranha: Optimizing Short Jobs in Hadoop.
Making Updates Disk-I/O Friendly Using SSDs.
Hadoop-GIS: A High Performance Spatial Data Warehousing System over MapReduce.
Statistics Collection in Oracle Spatial and Graph: Fast Histogram Construction for Complex Geometry Objects.
MillWheel: Fault-Tolerant Stream Processing at Internet Scale.
Online, Asynchronous Schema Change in F1.
Scuba: Diving into Data at Facebook.
F1: A Distributed SQL Database That Scales.
DB2 with BLU Acceleration: So Much More than Just a Column Store.
A The Quantcast File System.
Adaptive and Big Data Scale Parallel Execution in Oracle .
WOO: A Scalable and Multi-tenant Platform for Continuous Knowledge Base Synthesis.
Entity Extraction, Linking, Classification, and Tagging for Social Media: A Wikipedia-Based Approach.
Overview of Turn Data Management Platform for Digital Advertising.
Unicorn: A System for Searching the Social Graph.
A New Service for Customer Care Based on the TrentoRise BigData Platform.
Exploiting the Diversity, Mass and Speed of Territorial Data by TELCO Operator for Better User Services.
The Trento Big Data Platform for Public Administration and Large Companies: Use cases and Opportunities.
Designing Query Optimizers for Big Data Problems of The Future.
How to maximize the value of big data with the open source SpagoBI suite through a comprehensive approach.
Context-Aware Computing: Opportunities and Open Issues.
Next Generation Data Analytics at IBM Research.
Learning and Intelligent Optimization (LION): One Ring to Rule Them All.
Microsoft SQL Server's Integrated Database Approach for Modern Applications and Hardware.
Odyssey: A Multi-Store System for Evolutionary Analytics.
A global Entity Name System (ENS) for data ecosystems.
SAP HANA: The Evolution from a Modern Main-Memory Data Platform to an Enterprise Application Platform.
Keeping the TPC Relevant!
Big Data Integration.
Just-in-time compilation for SQL query processing.
Toward Scalable Transaction Processing.
Towards Database Virtualization for Database as a Service.
Mobility and Social Networking: A Data Management Perspective.
DesTeller: A System for Destination Prediction Based on Trajectories with Privacy Protection.
Senbazuru: A Prototype Spreadsheet Database Management System.
ReqFlex: Fuzzy Queries for Everyone.
Comprehensive and Interactive Temporal Query Processing with SAP HANA.
Functions Are Data Too (Defunctionalization for PL/SQL).
NADEEF: A Generalized Data Cleaning System.
QUEST: A Keyword Search System for Relational Data based on Semantic and Machine Learning Techniques.
GroupFinder: A New Approach to Top-K Point-of-Interest Group Retrieval.
A Demonstration of SpatialHadoop: An Efficient MapReduce Framework for Spatial Data.
Aggregate Profile Clustering for Telco Analytics.
ROSeAnn: Reconciling Opinions of Semantic Annotators.
A RecDB in Action: Recommendation Made Easy in Relational Databases.
POIKILO: A Tool for Evaluating the Results of Diversification Models and Algorithms.
CrowdMiner: Mining association rules from the crowd.
TeRec: A Temporal Recommender System Over Tweet Stream.
Graph Queries in a Next-Generation Datalog System.
iRoad: A Framework For Scalable Predictive Query Processing On Road Networks.
SkySuite: A Framework of Skyline-Join Operators for Static and Stream Environments.
Parallel Graph Processing on Graphics Processors Made Easy.
Mosquito: Another One Bites the Data Upload STream.
NoFTL: Database Systems on FTL-less Flash Storage .
SmartMonitor: Using Smart Devices to Perform Structural Health Monitoring.
Lazy ETL in Action: ETL Technology Dates Scientific Data.
EagleTree: Exploring the Design Space of SSD-Based Algorithms.
EnviroMeter: A Platform for Querying Community-Sensed Data.
Scolopax: Exploratory Analysis of Scientific Data.
PROPOLIS: Provisioned Analysis of Data-Centric Processes.
Feature Selection in Enterprise Analytics: A Demonstration using an R-based Data Analytics System.
Flexible Query Processor on FPGAs.
MASTRO STUDIO: Managing Ontology-Based Data Access applications.
PLASMA-HD: Probing the LAttice Structure and MAkeup of High-dimensional Data.
A Demonstration of Iterative Parallel Array Processing in Support of Telescope Image Analysis.
EvenTweet: Online Localized Event Detection from Twitter.
IBminer: A Text Mining Tool for Constructing and Populating InfoBox Databases and Knowledge Bases.
PAQO: A Preference-Aware Query Optimizer for PostgreSQL.
eSkyline: Processing Skyline Queries over Encrypted Data.
GestureQuery: A Multitouch Database Query Interface.
Mining and Linking Patterns across Live Data Streams and Stream Archives.
PhotoStand: A Map Query Interface for a Database of News Photos.
Hone: "Scaling Down" Hadoop on Shared-Memory Systems.
Ringtail: A Generalized Nowcasting System.
IPS: An Interactive Package Configuration System for Trip Planning.
R2-D2: a System to Support Probabilistic Path Prediction in Dynamic Environments via "Semi-Lazy" Learning.
REEF: Retainable Evaluator Execution Framework.
OmniDB: Towards Portable and Efficient Query Processing on Parallel CPU/GPU Architectures.
Complete Approximations of Incomplete Queries.
User Analytics with UbeOne: Insights into Web Printing.
DiAl: Distributed Streaming Analytics Anywhere, Anytime.
Big and Useful: What's in the Data for Me?.
Universal Indexing of Arbitrary Similarity Models.
Why it is time for a HyPE: A Hybrid Query Processing Engine for Efficient GPU Coprocessing in DBMS.
Database Support for Unstructured Meshes.
Domain Specific Multi-stage Query Language for Medical Document Repositories .
Realtime Analysis of Information Diffusion in Social Media.
Mining Frequent Patterns with Differential Privacy.
Automatic ontology-based User Profile Learning from heterogeneous Web Resources in a Big Data Context.
Scalable Transactions across Heterogeneous NoSQL Key-Value Data Stores.
Getting Unique Solution in Data Exchange.
Storing and Processing Temporal Data in a Main Memory Column Store.
Efficiency and Security in Similarity Cloud Services.
Fast Cartography for Data Explorers.
When Speed Has a Price: Fast Information Extraction Using Approximate Algorithms.
Design and Evaluation of Storage Organizations for Read-Optimized Main Memory Databases.
ggregating Semantic Annotators.
Discovering Denial Constraints.
Diversified Top-k Graph Pattern Matching.
Bitlist: New Full-text Index for Low Space Cost and Efficient Keyword Search.
RCSI: Scalable similarity search in thousand(s) of genomes.
Approximate MaxRS in Spatial Databases.
Multi-Tuple Deletion Propagation: Approximations and Complexity.
Supporting Distributed Feed-Following Apps over Edge Devices.
Rank Discovery From Web Databases.
A SPARSI: Partitioning Sensitive Data amongst Multiple Adversaries.
Scalable Column Concept Determination for Web Tables Using Large Knowledge Bases.
Top-K Structural Diversity Search in Large Networks.
Synthetising Changes in XML Documents as PULs.
Probabilistic Query Rewriting for Efficient and Effective Keyword Search on Graph Data.
QuEval: Beyond high-dimensional indexing a la carte.
Discovering Longest-lasting Correlation in Sequence Databases.
PREDIcT: Towards Predicting the Runtime of Large Scale Iterative Analytics.
On the Embeddability of Random Walk Distances.
Instant Loading for Main Memory Databases.
Adaptive Range Filters for Cold Data: Avoiding Trips to Siberia.
Scalable Progressive Analytics on Big Data in the Cloud.
Scalable XML Query Processing using Parallel Pushdown Transducers.
Understanding Insights into the Basic Structure and Essential Issues of Table Placement Methods in Clusters.
A Probabilistic Optimization Framework for the Empty-Answer Problem.
Summarizing Answer Graphs Induced by Keyword Queries.
Supporting Keyword Search in Product Database: A Probabilistic Approach.
A Sampling Algebra for Aggregate Estimation.
A Temporal-Probabilistic Database Model for Information Extraction.
Counter Strike: Generic Top-Down Join Enumeration for Hypergraphs.
Efficient Bulk Updates on Multiversion B-trees.
Query-Driven Approach to Entity Resolution.
Expressiveness and Complexity of Order Dependencies.
Counting and Sampling Triangles from a Graph Stream.
An Experimental Analysis of Iterated Spatial Joins in Main Memory.
Scaling Queries over Big RDF Graphs with Semantic Hash Partitioning.
Distributed SociaLite: A Datalog-Based Language for Large-Scale Graph Analysis.
Horton+: A Distributed System for Processing Declarative Reachability Queries over Partitioned Graphs.
Streaming Similarity Search over one Billion Tweets using Parallel Locality-Sensitive Hashing.
Anti-Caching: A New Approach to Database Management System Architecture.
Understanding Hierarchical Methods for Differentially Private Histograms.
Towards Social Data Platform: Automatic Topic-focused Monitor for Twitter Stream.
Simple, Fast, and Scalable Reachability Oracle.
Aggregation and Ordering in Factorised Databases.
Parallel Computation of Skyline and Reverse Skyline Queries Using MapReduce.
Fast Iterative Graph Computation with Block Updates.
232
Efficient and Effective KNN Sequence Search with Approximate n-grams.
More is Simpler: Effectively and Efficiently Assessing Node-Pair Similarities Based on Hyperlinks.
An Approach towards the Study of Symmetric Queries.
CPU Sharing Techniques for Performance Isolation in Multitenant Relational Database-as-a-Service.
Authenticating Top-k Queries in Location-based Services with Confidentiality.
Toward a Distance Oracle for Billion-Node Graphs.
Finding Shortest Paths on Terrains by Killing Two Birds with One Stone.
Multi-Core, Main-Memory Joins: Sort vs. Hash Revisited.
The Uncracked Pieces in Database Cracking.
Diversity based Relevance Feedback for Time Series Search.
Storage Management in the NVRAM Era.
Online Ordering of Overlapping Data Sources.
Multi-Query Optimization in MapReduce Framework.
Attraction and Avoidance Detection from Movements.
A Partition-Based Approach to Structure Similarity Search.
Highly Available Transactions: Virtues and Limitations.
From "Think Like a Vertex" to "Think Like a Graph".
Probabilistic Nearest Neighbor Queries on Uncertain Moving Object Trajectories.
Delta: Scalable Data Dissemination under Capacity Constraints.
GeoScope: Online Detection of Geo-Correlated Information Trends in Social Networks.
Optimization for iterative queries on MapReduce.
Willingness Optimization for Social Group Activity.
High Performance Stream Query Processing With Correlation-Aware Partitioning.
OLTP-Bench: An Extensible Testbed for Benchmarking Relational Databases.
Gestural Query Specification.
Scalable Discovery of Unique Column Combinations.
Earth Mover's Distance based Similarity Search at Scale.
MaaT: Effective and scalable coordination of distributed transactions in the cloud.
A Data- and Workload-Aware Query Answering Algorithm for Range Queries Under Differential Privacy.
Certain Query Answering in Partially Consistent Databases.
Exemplar Queries: Give me an Example of What You Need.
An efficient reconciliation algorithm for social networks.
Computing k-Regret Minimizing Sets.
Reverse Top-k Search using Random Walk with Restart.
Write-limited sorts and joins for persistent memory.
Folk-IS: Opportunistic Data Services in Least Developed Countries.
Shared Workload Optimization.
Scalable and Adaptive Online Joins.
Support the Data Enthusiast: Challenges for Next-Generation Data-Analysis Systems.
A Provenance Framework for Data-Dependent Process Analysis.
Tracking Entities in the Dynamic World: A Fast Algorithm for Matching Temporal Records.
Edelweiss: Automatic Storage Reclamation for Distributed Programming.
Rank Join Queries in NoSQL Databases.
Biperpedia: An Ontology for Search Applications.
GRAMI: Frequent Subgraph and Pattern Mining in a Single Large Graph.
Lightweight Indexing of Observational Data in Log-Structured Storage.
epiC: an Extensible and Scalable System for Processing Big Data.
Hybrid Parallelization Strategies for Large-Scale Machine Learning in SystemML.
Schemaless and Structureless Graph Querying.
Optimizing Graph Algorithms on Pregel-like Systems.
Toward Computational Fact-Checking.
A Principled Approach to Bridging the Gap between Graph Data and their Schemas.
An Efficient Publish/Subscribe Index for ECommerce Databases.
String Similarity Joins: An Experimental Evaluation.
Calibrating Data to Sensitivity in Private Data Analysis.
Effective Multi-Modal Retrieval based on Stacked Auto-Encoders.
PRESS: A Novel Framework of Trajectory Compression in Road Networks.
Finding the Cost-Optimal Path with Time Constraint over Time-Dependent Graphs.
Optimal Crowd-Powered Rating and Filtering Algorithms.
Incremental Record Linkage.
Low-Latency Handshake Join.
Path Problems in Temporal Graphs.
Retrieving Regions of Interest for User Exploration.
SK-LSH: An Efficient Index Structure for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
On Arbitrage-free Pricing for General Data Queries.
Splitter: Mining Fine-Grained Sequential Patterns in Semantic Trajectories.
Towards Building Wind Tunnels for Data Center Design.
Reverse k-Ranks Query.
M4: A Visualization-Oriented Time Series Data Aggregation.
Continuous Matrix Approximation on Distributed Data.
An Evaluation of the Advantages and Disadvantages of Deterministic Database Systems.
Efficient In-memory Data Management: An Analysis.
Workload Matters: Why RDF Databases Need a New Design.
Storage Management in AsterixDB.
Building Efficient Query Engines in a High-Level Language.
Scalable Logging through Emerging Non-Volatile Memory.
When Data Management Systems Meet Approximate Hardware: Challenges and Opportunities.
From Data Fusion to Knowledge Fusion.
On k-Path Covers and their Applications.
The Case for Data Visualization Management Systems.
WideTable: An Accelerator for Analytical Data Processing.
A Framework for Protecting Worker Location Privacy in Spatial Crowdsourcing.
Trekking Through Siberia: Managing Cold Data in a Memory-Optimized Database.
The Case for Personal Data-Driven Decision Making.
ConfluxDB: Multi-Master Replication for Partitioned Snapshot Isolation Databases.
Υ-DB: Managing scientific hypotheses as uncertain data.
Ibex - An Intelligent Storage Engine with Support for Advanced SQL Off-loading.
NOMAD: Nonlocking, stOchastic Multi-machine algorithm for Asynchronous and Decentralized matrix completion.
Repairing Vertex Labels under Neighborhood Constraints.
Progressive Approach to Relational Entity Resolution.
Concurrent Analytical Query Processing with GPUs.
Computing Personalized PageRank Quickly by Exploiting Graph Structures.
Accordion: Elastic Scalability for Database Systems Supporting Distributed Transactions.
An Experimental Comparison of Pregel-like Graph Processing Systems.
ClusterJoin: A Similarity Joins Framework using Map-Reduce.
Crowdsourcing Algorithms for Entity Resolution.
Distributed Graph Simulation: Impossibility and Possibility.
Code Generation for Efficient Query Processing in Managed Runtimes.
Aggregate Estimation Over Dynamic Hidden Web Databases.
Adaptive Query Processing on RAW Data.
Storing and Querying Tree-Structured Records in Dremel.
Similarity Search for Scientific Workflows.
Differentially Private Event Sequences over Infinite Streams.
Matching Titles with Cross Title Web-Search Enrichment and Community Detection.
On Concise Set of Relative Candidate Keys.
Reachability Querying: An Independent Permutation Labeling Approach.
Hop Doubling Label Indexing for Point-to-Point Distance Querying on Scale-Free Networks.
Semantic Culturomics (vision paper).
Benchmarking Scalability and Elasticity of Distributed Database Systems.
Bounded Conjunctive Queries.
Optimizing Join Enumeration in Transformation-based Query Optimizers.
A System for Management and Analysis of Preference Data.
Mesa: Geo-Replicated, Near Real-Time, Scalable Data Warehousing.
An Effective Encoding Scheme for Spatial RDF Data.
DimmWitted: A Study of Main-Memory Statistical Analytics.
SQL-on-Hadoop: Full Circle Back to Shared-Nothing Database Architectures.
Optimal Security-Aware Query Processing.
MRTuner: A Toolkit to Enable Holistic Optimization for MapReduce Jobs.
Reducing Database Locking Contention Through Multi-version Concurrency.
Changing Engines in Midstream: A Java Stream Computational Model for Big Data Processing.
Joins on Encoded and Partitioned Data.
TPC-DI: The First Industry Benchmark for Data Integration.
Real-Time Twitter Recommendation: Online Motif Detection in Large Dynamic Graphs.
Interval Disaggregate: A New Operator for Business Planning.
Fuxi: a Fault-Tolerant Resource Management and Job Scheduling System at Internet Scale.
Large-Scale Graph Analytics in Aster 6: Bringing Context to Big Data Discovery.
Fast Foreign-Key Detection in Microsoft SQL Server PowerPivot for Excel.
Big Data Small Footprint: The Design of A Low-Power Classifier for Detecting Transportation Modes.
Summingbird: A Framework for Integrating Batch and Online MapReduce Computations.
Of Snowstorms and Bushy Trees.
Execution Primitives for Scalable Joins and Aggregations in Map Reduce.
CAP Limits in Telecom Subscriber Database Design.
Advanced Join Strategies for Large-Scale Distributed Computation.
DGFIndex for Smart Grid: Enhancing Hive with a Cost-Effective Multidimensional Range Index.
Error-bounded Sampling for Analytics on Big Sparse Data.
Indexing HDFS Data in PDW: Splitting the data from the index.
Chimera: Large-Scale Classification using Machine Learning, Rules, and Crowdsourcing.
Interactive Join Query Inference with JIM.
MESA: A Map Service to Support Fuzzy Type-ahead Search over Geo-Textual Data.
R3: A Real-Time Route Recommendation System.
PDQ: Proof-driven Query Answering over Web-based Data.
Data In, Fact Out: Automated Monitoring of Facts by FactWatcher.
OceanST: A Distributed Analytic System for Large-Scale Spatiotemporal Mobile Broadband Data.
That's All Folks! LLUNATIC Goes Open Source.
HDBTracker: Monitoring the Aggregates On Dynamic Hidden Web Databases.
BSMA: A Benchmark for Analytical Queries over Social Media Data.
Graph-based Data Integration and Business Intelligence with BIIIG.
SEEDB: Automatically Generating Query Visualizations.
QUEST: An Exploratory Approach to Robust Query Processing.
Redoop Infrastructure for Recurring Big Data Queries.
PackageBuilder: From Tuples to Packages.
Ontology Assisted Crowd Mining.
SOPS: A System for Efficient Processing of Spatial-Keyword Publish/Subscribe.
MLJ: Language-Independent Real-Time Search of Tweets Reported by Media Outlets and Journalists.
Ocelot/HyPE: Optimized Data Processing on Heterogeneous Hardware.
MoveMine 2.0: Mining Object Relationships from Movement Data.
A Partitioning Framework for Aggressive Data Skipping.
Interactive Outlier Exploration in Big Data Streams.
SQL/AA: Executing SQL on an Asymmetric Architecture.
gMission: A General Spatial Crowdsourcing Platform.
S-Store: A Streaming NewSQL System for Big Velocity Applications.
CLEar: A Real-time Online Observatory for Bursty and Viral Events.
AZDBLab: A Laboratory Information System for Large-Scale Empirical DBMS Studies.
Terrain-Toolkit: A Multi-Functional Tool for Terrain Data.
FORWARD: Data-Centric UIs using Declarative Templates that Efficiently Wrap Third-Party JavaScript Components.
SPIRE: Supporting Parameter-Driven Interactive Rule Mining and Exploration.
An Integrated Development Environment for Faster Feature Engineering.
Pronto: A Software-Defined Networking based System for Performance Management of Analytical Queries on Distributed Data Stores.
Getting Your Big Data Priorities Straight: A Demonstration of Priority-based QoS using Social-network-driven Stock Recommendation.
VERTEXICA: Your Relational Friend for Graph Analytics!
NScale: Neighborhood-centric Analytics on Large Graphs.
DPSynthesizer: Differentially Private Data Synthesizer for Privacy Preserving Data Sharing.
SPOT: Locating Social Media Users Based on Social Network Context.
RASP-QS: Efficient and Confidential Query Services in the Cloud.
Thoth: Towards Managing a Multi-System Cluster.
X-LiSA: Cross-lingual Semantic Annotation.
Combining User Interaction, Speculative Query Execution and Sampling in the DICE System.
STMaker - A System to Make Sense of Trajectory Data.
Faster Visual Analytics through Pixel-Perfect Aggregation.
Systems for Big-Graphs.
Tutorial: Uncertain Entity Resolution.
Knowledge Bases in the Age of Big Data Analytics.
Causality and Explanations in Databases.
Enterprise Search in the Big Data Era: Recent Developments and Open Challenges.
VLDB 2014 Ph.D. Workshop - An Overview.
Datacenters as Computers: Google Engineering & Database Research Perspectives.
The Impact of Columnar In-Memory Databases on Enterprise Systems.
Breaking the Chains: On Declarative Data Analysis and Data Independence in the Big Data Era.
Engineering High-Performance Database Engines.
Realization of the Low Cost and High Performance MySQL Cloud Database.
Fatman: Cost-saving and reliable archival storage based on volunteer resources.
Design and Implementation of a Real-Time Interactive Analytics System for Large Spatio-Temporal Data.
A Personalized Recommendation System for NetEase Dating Site.
GEMINI: An Integrative Healthcare Analytics System.
Mariana: Tencent Deep Learning Platform and its Applications.
yzBigData: Provisioning Customizable Solution for Big Data.
Errata for "Building Efficient Query Engines in a High-Level Language" (PVLDB 7(10): 853-864).
Show Me the Money: Dynamic Recommendations for Revenue Maximization.
ScalaGiST: Scalable Generalized Search Trees for MapReduce Systems [Innovative Systems Paper].
Finding Patterns in a Knowledge Base using Keywords to Compose Table Answers.
Pregel Algorithms for Graph Connectivity Problems with Performance Guarantees.
Auto-Approximation of Graph Computing.
DIADEM: Thousands of Websites to a Single Database.
Uncertainty Aware Query Execution Time Prediction.
Optimizing the Chase: Scalable Data Integration under Constraints.
BF-Tree: Approximate Tree Indexing.
ADDICT: Advanced Instruction Chasing for Transactions.
AsterixDB: A Scalable, Open Source BDMS.
LogGP: A Log-based Dynamic Graph Partitioning Method.
Supervised Meta-blocking.
Generating Top-k Packages via Preference Elicitation.
Fast Range Query Processing with Strong Privacy Protection for Cloud Computing.
Finish Them!: Pricing Algorithms for Human Computation.
TransactiveDB: Tapping into Collective Human Memories.
Blogel: A Block-Centric Framework for Distributed Computation on Real-World Graphs.
Efficient Identification of Implicit Facts in Incomplete OWL2-EL Knowledge Bases.
Where To: Crowd-Aided Path Selection.
Large Scale Real-time Ridesharing with Service Guarantee on Road Networks.
243
SRS: Solving c-Approximate Nearest Neighbor Queries in High Dimensional Euclidean Space with a Tiny Index.
Top-k Nearest Neighbor Search In Uncertain Data Series.
Resource Bricolage for Parallel Database Systems.
In-Memory Performance for Big Data.
Trajectory Simplification: On Minimizing the Direction-based Error.
Interpretable and Informative Explanations of Outcomes.
Constructing an Interactive Natural Language Interface for Relational Databases.
Leveraging Graph Dimensions in Online Graph Search.
Spatial Joins in Main Memory: Implementation Matters!
Selectivity Estimation on Streaming Spatio-Textual Data Using Local Correlations.
Processing Moving kNN Queries Using Influential Neighbor Sets.
Scaling Up Crowd-Sourcing to Very Large Datasets: A Case for Active Learning.
CANDS: Continuous Optimal Navigation via Distributed Stream Processing.
Rare Time Series Motif Discovery from Unbounded Streams.
Pregelix: Big(ger) Graph Analytics on a Dataflow Engine.
Profiling R on a Contemporary Processor.
Coordination Avoidance in Database Systems.
QuickFOIL: Scalable Inductive Logic Programming.
Staring into the Abyss: An Evaluation of Concurrency Control with One Thousand Cores.
Multi-Objective Parametric Query Optimization.
Deployment of Query Plans on Multicores.
E-Store: Fine-Grained Elastic Partitioning for Distributed Transaction Processing.
Beyond Itemsets: Mining Frequent Featuresets over Structured Items.
Inferring Continuous Dynamic Social Influence and Personal Preference for Temporal Behavior Prediction.
Large-Scale Distributed Graph Computing Systems: An Experimental Evaluation.
Faster Set Intersection with SIMD instructions by Reducing Branch Mispredictions.
Scalable Topical Phrase Mining from Text Corpora.
Efficient Top-K SimRank-based Similarity Join.
In-Cache Query Co-Processing on Coupled CPU-GPU Architectures.
Scaling Manifold Ranking Based Image Retrieval.
Memory-Efficient Hash Joins.
Preference-aware Integration of Temporal Data.
MOCgraph: Scalable Distributed Graph Processing Using Message Online Computing.
NVRAM-aware Logging in Transaction Systems.
Trill: A High-Performance Incremental Query Processor for Diverse Analytics.
Event Pattern Matching over Graph Streams.
A Confidence-Aware Approach for Truth Discovery on Long-Tail Data.
Fast Failure Recovery in Distributed Graph Processing Systems.
The More the Merrier: Efficient Multi-Source Graph Traversal.
MRCSI: Compressing and Searching String Collections with Multiple References.
YADING: Fast Clustering of Large-Scale Time Series Data.
Hear the Whole Story: Towards the Diversity of Opinion in Crowdsourcing Markets.
REWIND: Recovery Write-Ahead System for In-Memory Non-Volatile Data-Structures.
Influential Community Search in Large Networks.
Rapid Sampling for Visualizations with Ordering Guarantees.
Optimal Enumeration: Efficient Top-k Tree Matching.
Monitoring Distributed Streams using Convex Decompositions.
UDA-GIST: An In-database Framework to Unify Data-Parallel and State-Parallel Analytics.
Efficient Partial-Pairs SimRank Search for Large Networks.
Linearized and Single-Pass Belief Propagation.
Mining Revenue-Maximizing Bundling Configuration.
Reverse k Nearest Neighbors Query Processing: Experiments and Analysis.
Exploiting Vertex Relationships in Speeding up Subgraph Isomorphism over Large Graphs.
Approximate Lifted Inference with Probabilistic Databases.
Errata for "Crowdsourcing Algorithms for Entity Resolution" (PVLDB 7(12): 1071-1082).
Improving Main Memory Hash Joins on Intel Xeon Phi Processors: An Experimental Approach.
DREAM: Distributed RDF Engine with Adaptive Query Planner and Minimal Communication.
Online Topic-Aware Influence Maximization.
Walk, Not Wait: Faster Sampling Over Online Social Networks.
Querying with Access Patterns and Integrity Constraints.
General Incremental Sliding-Window Aggregation.
Shared Execution of Recurring Workloads in MapReduce.
Sharing Buffer Pool Memory in Multi-Tenant Relational Database-as-a-Service.
Answering Why-not Questions on Reverse Top-k Queries.
Practical Authenticated Pattern Matching with Optimal Proof Size.
A Performance Study of Big Data on Small Nodes.
Divide & Conquer-based Inclusion Dependency Discovery.
Persistent B+-Trees in Non-Volatile Main Memory.
Robust Local Community Detection: On Free Rider Effect and Its Elimination.
Understanding the Causes of Consistency Anomalies in Apache Cassandra.
Viral Marketing Meets Social Advertising: Ad Allocation with Minimum Regret.
ALID: Scalable Dominant Cluster Detection.
An Efficient Similarity Search Framework for SimRank over Large Dynamic Graphs.
Compaction Management in Distributed Key-Value Datastores.
D2P: Distance-Based Differential Privacy in Recommenders.
FrogWild! - Fast PageRank Approximations on Graph Engines.
Optimal Probabilistic Cache Stampede Prevention.
DAQ: A New Paradigm for Approximate Query Processing.
A Scalable Search Engine for Mass Storage Smart Objects.
Schema Management for Document Stores.
On the Surprising Difficulty of Simple Things: the Case of Radix Partitioning.
Knowledge-Based Trust: Estimating the Trustworthiness of Web Sources.
Giraph Unchained: Barrierless Asynchronous Parallel Execution in Pregel-like Graph Processing Systems.
Work-Efficient Parallel Skyline Computation for the GPU.
Scalable Subgraph Enumeration in MapReduce.
Indexing Highly Dynamic Hierarchical Data.
Community Detection in Social Networks: An In-depth Benchmarking Study with a Procedure-Oriented Framework.
Growing a Graph Matching from a Handful of Seeds.
Reliable Diversity-Based Spatial Crowdsourcing by Moving Workers.
Leveraging History for Faster Sampling of Online Social Networks.
TOP: A Framework for Enabling Algorithmic Optimizations for Distance-Related Problems.
Efficient Processing of Window Functions in Analytical SQL Queries.
Real-time Targeted Influence Maximization for Online Advertisements.
Functional Dependency Discovery: An Experimental Evaluation of Seven Algorithms.
Searchlight: Enabling Integrated Search and Exploration over Large Multidimensional Data.
Privacy Implications of Database Ranking.
Possible and Certain SQL Key.
Scaling Similarity Joins over Tree-Structured Data.
Worker Skill Estimation in Team-Based Tasks.
DPT: Differentially Private Trajectory Synthesis Using Hierarchical Reference Systems.
Supporting Scalable Analytics with Latency Constraints.
SCAN++: Efficient Algorithm for Finding Clusters, Hubs and Outliers on Large-scale Graphs.
Rethinking serializable multiversion concurrency control.
Rank aggregation with ties: Experiments and Analysis.
GraphMat: High performance graph analytics made productive.
Mega-KV: A Case for GPUs to Maximize the Throughput of In-Memory Key-Value Stores.
Taming Subgraph Isomorphism for RDF Query Processing.
SnapToQuery: Providing Interactive Feedback during Exploratory Query Specification.
GraphTwist: Fast Iterative Graph Computation with Two-tier Optimizations.
SIMD- and Cache-Friendly Algorithm for Sorting an Array of Structures.
Enriching Data Imputation with Extensive Similarity Neighbors.
To Lock, Swap, or Elide: On the Interplay of Hardware Transactional Memory and Lock-Free Indexing.
Incremental Knowledge Base Construction Using DeepDive.
Learning User Preferences By Adaptive Pairwise Comparison.
Aggregate Estimations over Location Based Services.
Principles of Dataset Versioning: Exploring the Recreation/Storage Tradeoff.
SEMA-JOIN: Joining Semantically-Related Tables Using Big Table Corpora.
Stale View Cleaning: Getting Fresh Answers from Stale Materialized Views.
Compressed Spatial Hierarchical Bitmap (cSHB) Indexes for Efficiently Processing Spatial Range Query Workloads.
Selective Provenance for Datalog Programs Using Top-K Queries.
Processing of Probabilistic Skyline Queries Using MapReduce.
Bonding Vertex Sets Over Distributed Graph: A Betweenness Aware Approach.
A Natural Language Interface for Querying General and Individual Knowledge.
Scaling Up Concurrent Main-Memory Column-Store Scans: Towards Adaptive NUMA-aware Data and Task Placement.
SQLite Optimization with Phase Change Memory for Mobile Applications.
An Architecture for Compiling UDF-centric Workflows.
A Scalable Distributed Graph Partitioner.
Take me to your leader! Online Optimization of Distributed Storage Configurations.
Association Rules with Graph Patterns.
Fuzzy Joins in MapReduce: An Experimental Study.
PARADIS: An Efficient Parallel Algorithm for In-place Radix Sort.
Join Size Estimation Subject to Filter Conditions.
Asynchronous and Fault-Tolerant Recursive Datalog Evaluation in Shared-Nothing Engines.
Maximum Rank Query.
Performance and Scalability of Indexed Subgraph Query Processing Methods.
Lenses: An On-Demand Approach to ETL.
Keys for Graphs.
Spatial Partitioning Techniques in Spatial Hadoop.
Extracting Logical Hierarchical Structure of HTML Documents Based on Headings.
Permutation Search Methods are Efficient, Yet Faster Search is Possible.
Distributed Architecture of Oracle Database In-memory.
Argonaut: Macrotask Crowdsourcing for Complex Data Processing.
Building a Replicated Logging System with Apache Kafka.
Indexing and Selecting Hierarchical Business Logic.
Schema-Agnostic Indexing with Azure DocumentDB.
JetScope: Reliable and Interactive Analytics at Cloud Scale.
Differential Privacy in Telco Big Data Platform.
Optimization of Common Table Expressions in MPP Database Systems.
Towards Scalable Real-time Analytics: An Architecture for Scale-out of OLxP Workloads.
FIT to Monitor Feed Quality.
Real-Time Analytical Processing with SQL Server.
Efficient Evaluation of Object-Centric Exploration Queries for Visualization.
Gobblin: Unifying Data Ingestion for Hadoop.
Query Optimization in Oracle 12c Database In-Memory.
Live Programming in the LogicBlox System: A MetaLogiQL Approach.
The Dataflow Model: A Practical Approach to Balancing Correctness, Latency, and Cost in Massive-Scale, Unbounded, Out-of-Order Data Processing.
One Trillion Edges: Graph Processing at Facebook-Scale.
Gorilla: A Fast, Scalable, In-Memory Time Series Database.
ConfSeer: Leveraging Customer Support Knowledge Bases for Automated Misconfiguration Detection.
Scaling Spark in the Real World: Performance and Usability.
StarDB: A Large-Scale DBMS for Strings.
Evaluating SPARQL Queries on Massive RDF Datasets.
A Topic-based Reviewer Assignment System.
FP-Hadoop: Efficient Execution of Parallel Jobs Over Skewed Data.
Data Profiling with Metanome.
Demonstration of Santoku: Optimizing Machine Learning over Normalized Data.
PRISM: Concept-preserving Summarization of Top-K Social Image Search Results.
Provenance for SQL through Abstract Interpretation: Value-less, but Worthwhile.
SDB: A Secure Query Processing System with Data Interoperability.
SPARTex: A Vertex-Centric Framework for RDF Data Analytics.
I2RS: A Distributed Geo-Textual Image Retrieval and Recommendation System.
Reformulation-based query answering in RDF: alternatives and performance.
SAASFEE: Scalable Scientific Workflow Execution Engine.
A Demonstration of HadoopViz: An Extensible MapReduce System for Visualizing Big Spatial Data.
QOCO: A Query Oriented Data Cleaning System with Oracles.
TreeScope: Finding Structural Anomalies In Semi-Structured Data.
A Demonstration of the BigDAWG Polystore System.
RINSE: Interactive Data Series Exploration with ADS+.
Collaborative Data Analytics with DataHub.
Mindtagger: A Demonstration of Data Labeling in Knowledge Base Construction.
Perseus: An Interactive Large-Scale Graph Mining and Visualization Tool.
Smart Drill-Down: A New Data Exploration Operator.
Virtual eXist-db: Liberating Hierarchical Queries from the Shackles of Access Path Dependence.
Annotating Database Schemas to Help Enterprise Search.
VIIQ: Auto-Suggestion Enabled Visual Interface for Interactive Graph Query Formulation.
FLORIN - A System to Support (Near) Real-Time Applications on User Generated Content on Daily News.
VINERy: A Visual IDE for Information Extraction.
KATARA: Reliable Data Cleaning with Knowledge Bases and Crowdsourcing.
GIS Navigation Boosted by Column Stores.
Gain Control over your Integration Evaluations.
AIDE: An Automatic User Navigation System for Interactive Data Exploration.
A Demonstration of AQWA: Adaptive Query-Workload-Aware Partitioning of Big Spatial Data.
Janiform Intra-Document Analytics for Reproducible Research.
A Framework for Clustering Uncertain Data.
EFQ: Why-Not Answer Polynomials in Action.
Error Diagnosis and Data Profiling with Data X-Ray.
Sharing and Reproducing Database Applications.
A Demonstration of TripleProv: Tracking and Querying Provenance over Web Data.
WADaR: Joint Wrapper and Data Repair.
DATASPREAD: Unifying Databases and Spreadsheets.
Wisteria: Nurturing Scalable Data Cleaning Infrastructure.
CODD: A Dataless Approach to Big Data Testing.
Query-Oriented Summarization of RDF Graphs.
Universal-DB: Towards Representation Independent Graph Analytics.
Tornado: A Distributed Spatio-Textual Stream Processing System.
Vizdom: Interactive Analytics through Pen and Touch.
S+EPPs: Construct and Explore Bisimulation Summaries, plus Optimize Navigational Queries; all on Existing SPARQL Systems.
GraphGen: Exploring Interesting Graphs in Relational Data.
DBSeer: Pain-free Database Administration through Workload Intelligence.
Real Time Analytics: Algorithms and Systems.
On Uncertain Graphs Modeling and Queries.
A Time Machine for Information: Looking Back to Look Forward.
Structured Analytics in Social Media.
Truth Discovery and Crowdsourcing Aggregation: A Unified Perspective.
Tutorial: SQL-on-Hadoop Systems.
Engineering Database Hardware and Software Together.
Big Data Research: Will Industry Solve all the Problems?
Big Plateaus of Big Data on the Big Island.
Databases and Hardware: The Beginning and Sequel of a Beautiful Friendship.
AQWA: Adaptive Query-Workload-Aware Partitioning of Big Spatial Data.
Lightning Fast and Space Efficient Inequality Joins.
Finding Pareto Optimal Groups: Group-based Skyline.
k-Regret Queries with Nonlinear Utilities.
Clash of the Titans: MapReduce vs. Spark for Large Scale Data Analytics.
Towards Maximum Independent Sets on Massive Graphs.
S-Store: Streaming Meets Transaction Processing.
Multi-Version Range Concurrency Control in Deuteronomy.
Query From Examples: An Iterative, Data-Driven Approach to Query Construction.
Tracking the Conductance of Rapidly Evolving Topic-Subgraphs.
SEEDB: Efficient Data-Driven Visualization Recommendations to Support Visual Analytics.
DEXTER: Large-Scale Discovery and Extraction of Product Specifications on the Web.
40
Query-Aware Locality-Sensitive Hashing for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
K-Core Decomposition of Large Networks on a Single PC.
Walking in the Cloud: Parallel SimRank at Scale.
Messing Up with BART: Error Generation for Evaluating Data-Cleaning Algorithms.
Fully Dynamic Betweenness Centrality Maintenance on Massive Networks.
From Competition to Complementarity: Comparative Influence Diffusion and Maximization.
PIXIDA: Optimizing Data Parallel Jobs in Wide-Area Data Analytics.
Spatial Online Sampling and Aggregation.
A Seven-Dimensional Analysis of Hashing Methods and its Implications on Query Processing.
The iBench Integration Metadata Generator.
QuERy: A Framework for Integrating Entity Resolution with Query Processing.
Processing and Optimizing Main Memory Spatial-Keyword Queries.
Neighbor-Sensitive Hashing.
Cumulon: Matrix-Based Data Analytics in the Cloud with Spot Instances.
New Lower and Upper Bounds for Shortest Distance Queries on Terrains.
The Complexity of Resilience and Responsibility for Self-Join-Free Conjunctive Queries.
Streaming Anomaly Detection Using Randomized Matrix Sketching.
How Good Are Query Optimizers, Really?
Titian: Data Provenance Support in Spark.
High-Speed Query Processing over High-Speed Networks.
Behavior Query Discovery in System-Generated Temporal Graphs.
Asynchronous Memory Access Chaining.
Design of Policy-Aware Differentially Private Algorithms.
Approximate Closest Community Search in Networks.
Cache locality is not enough: High-Performance Nearest Neighbor Search with Product Quantization Fast Scan.
Combining Quantitative and Logical Data Cleaning.
Schema-agnostic vs Schema-based Configurations for Blocking Methods on Homogeneous Data.
Ego-net Community Mining Applied to Friend Suggestion.
Temporal Rules Discovery for Web Data Cleaning.
Explaining Query Answers with Explanation-Ready Databases.
An Efficient Partition Based Method for Exact Set Similarity Joins.
CLAMShell: Speeding up Crowds for Low-latency Data Labeling.
Online Entity Resolution Using an Oracle.
Exploiting Equality Generating Dependencies in Checking Chase Termination.
A Shifting Bloom Filter Framework for Set Queries.
Husky: Towards a More Efficient and Expressive Distributed Computing Framework.
Repairing Data through Regular Expressions.
Leveraging Lock Contention to Improve OLTP Application Performance.
